Player ID 	lname fname
aardd001	Aardsma David
aaroh101	Aaron Hank
aarot101	Aaron Tommie
aased001	Aase Don
abada001	Abad Andy
abadf001	Abad Fernando
abadj101	Abadie John
abbae101	Abbaticchio Ed
abbeb101	Abbey Bert
abbec101	Abbey Charlie
abbod101	Abbott Dan
abbof101	Abbott Fred
abbog001	Abbott Glenn
abboj002	Abbott Jeff
abboj001	Abbott Jim
abbok002	Abbott Kurt
abbok001	Abbott Kyle
abboo101	Abbott Ody
abbop001	Abbott Paul
abbos801	Abbott Spencer
abera101	Aber Al
aberd101	Abercrombie Frank
aberr001	Abercrombie Reggie
aberb101	Abernathie Bill
aberb001	Abernathy Brent
abert102	Abernathy Ted
abert101	Abernathy Ted
aberw101	Abernathy Woody
aberc101	Aberson Cliff
ableh101	Ables Harry
abnes001	Abner Shawn
abrac101	Abrams Cal
abrag101	Abrams George
abrej001	Abrego Johnny
abreb001	Abreu Bobby
abrej101	Abreu Joe
abrej003	Abreu Jose
abrej002	Abreu Juan
abret001	Abreu Tony
abrew001	Abreu Winston
abstb101	Abstein Bill
accaj001	Accardo Jeremy
acevj002	Acevedo Jose
acevj001	Acevedo Juan
aceva001	Aceves Alfredo
achta001	Achter A.J.
ackej001	Acker Jim
acket101	Acker Tom
ackld001	Ackley Dustin
acklf101	Ackley Fritz
acosc101	Acosta Cy
acose101	Acosta Ed
acosj101	Acosta Jose
acosm001	Acosta Manny
acosm101	Acosta Merito
acoso801	Acosta Oscar
acrem001	Acre Mark
actam801	Acta Manny
adaib801	Adair Bill
adaij101	Adair Jerry
adaij102	Adair Jimmy
adair801	Adair Rick
adamc001	Adames Cristhian
adama101	Adams Ace
adama001	Adams Austin
adamb104	Adams Babe
adamb106	Adams Bert
adamb107	Adams Bob
adamb102	Adams Bob
adamb105	Adams Bob
adamb103	Adams Bobby
adamb101	Adams Buster
adamc901	Adams Clarence
adamd103	Adams Dan
adamd001	Adams David
adamd102	Adams Dick
adamd101	Adams Doug
adamg102	Adams George
adamg101	Adams Glenn
adamj901	Adams Harry
adamh101	Adams Herb
adamj101	Adams Jim
adamj102	Adams Joe
adamk101	Adams Karl
adaml001	Adams Lane
adamm002	Adams Matt
adamm102	Adams Mike
adamm001	Adams Mike
adamr101	Adams Red
adamr102	Adams Rick
adamr001	Adams Ricky
adamr002	Adams Russ
adamr003	Adams Ryan
adams101	Adams Sparky
adams102	Adams Spencer
adamt001	Adams Terry
adamw101	Adams Willie
adamw001	Adams Willie
adamj001	Adamson Joel
adamm101	Adamson Mike
adcoj101	Adcock Joe
adcon001	Adcock Nathan
addib101	Addis Bob
adduj001	Adduci Jim
adduj002	Adduci Jim
addyb101	Addy Bob
adenn001	Adenhart Nick
aderm101	Aderholt Morrie
adkid103	Adkins Dewey
adkid101	Adkins Dick
adkid102	Adkins Doc
adkig101	Adkins Grady
adkij001	Adkins Jon
adkis001	Adkins Steve
adleu901	Adler 
adled101	Adlesh Dave
adrie001	Adrianza Ehire
afent001	Afenir Troy
affej001	Affeldt Jeremy
agbab001	Agbayani Benny
ageet101	Agee Tommie
aggah101	Agganis Harry
aglej101	Agler Joe
agnes101	Agnew Sam
agosj001	Agosto Juan
agual001	Aguayo Luis
aguic001	Aguila Chris
aguij001	Aguilar Jesus
aguir001	Aguilera Rick
aguih101	Aguirre Hank
aheac101	Ahearn William
aheap001	Ahearne Pat
ahmen001	Ahmed Nick
aikew001	Aikens Willie
aingd101	Ainge Danny
ainse101	Ainsmith Eddie
ainsk001	Ainsworth Kurt
aitcr101	Aitchison Raleigh
aitog101	Aiton George
ake-j101	Ake John
akerj102	Aker Jack
akerd001	Akerfelds Darrel
akerb101	Akers Bill
akerj101	Akers Jerry
albag001	Alba Gibson
albaj001	Albaladejo Jonathan
albaj101	Albanese Joe
albej001	Alberro Jose
albea001	Albers Andrew
albem001	Albers Matt
albeh001	Alberto Hanser
albeb101	Alberts Butch
albec101	Alberts Cy
albeg101	Alberts Gus
alboe101	Albosta Ed
albre101	Albrecht Ed
albrj101	Albright Jack
albua001	Alburquerque Al
albuv101	Albury Vic
alcas101	Alcala Santo
alcaa001	Alcantara Arismendy
alcai001	Alcantara Israel
alcal101	Alcaraz Luis
alcos101	Alcock Scotty
alded101	Alderson Dale
aldrs001	Aldred Scott
aldrm001	Aldrete Mike
aldrj001	Aldrich Jay
aldrc001	Aldridge Cory
aldrv101	Aldridge Vic
alejb801	Alejo Bob
alenc101	Aleno Chuck
alexb101	Alexander Bob
alexd101	Alexander Dale
alexd001	Alexander Doyle
alexg101	Alexander Gary
alexg001	Alexander Gerald
alexh101	Alexander Hugh
alexm001	Alexander Manny
alexm101	Alexander Matt
alexn101	Alexander Nin
alexg102	Alexander Pete
alexs001	Alexander Scott
alexw101	Alexander Walt
alfaj001	Alfaro Jason
alfoa001	Alfonseca Antonio
alfoc801	Alfonso Carlos
alfoe001	Alfonzo Edgardo
alfoe002	Alfonzo Eliezer
alicl001	Alicea Luis
allaa001	Allanson Andy
allab101	Allard Brian
alleb105	Allen Bernie
alleb103	Allen Bob
alleb104	Allen Bob
alleb102	Allen Bob
alleb101	Allen Bob
alleb001	Allen Brandon
allec001	Allen Chad
allec002	Allen Cody
alled101	Allen Dick
alled001	Allen Dusty
allee101	Allen Ethan
allef101	Allen Frank
alleh102	Allen Ham
alleh104	Allen Hank
alleh103	Allen Hezekiah
alleh101	Allen Horace
allej103	Allen Jack
allej101	Allen Jamie
allej104	Allen John
allej102	Allen Johnny
allek101	Allen Kim
allel101	Allen Lloyd
allel001	Allen Luke
allem101	Allen Myron
allen001	Allen Neil
allen101	Allen Nick
allep101	Allen Pete
aller001	Allen Rod
aller101	Allen Ron
alles101	Allen Sled
alleg001	Allenson Gary
allej001	Allensworth Jermaine
alleg101	Alley Gene
allig101	Allie Gair
allib101	Allietta Bob
allia102	Allison Andy
allia101	Allison Art
allib102	Allison Bill
allib103	Allison Bob
allid001	Allison Dana
allid101	Allison Doug
allim102	Allison Mack
allim101	Allison Milo
allrb001	Allred Beau
almam101	Almada Mel
almaa001	Almanza Armando
almac001	Almanzar Carlos
almer101	Almeida Rafael
almob001	Almon Bill
almoa001	Almonte Abraham
almoe002	Almonte Edwin
almoe001	Almonte Erick
almoh001	Almonte Hector
almom001	Almonte Miguel
almoz001	Almonte Zoilo
aloml101	Aloma Luis
alomr001	Alomar Roberto
aloms101	Alomar Sandy
aloms001	Alomar Sandy
alony001	Alonso Yonder
alouf101	Alou Felipe
alouj101	Alou Jesus
aloum101	Alou Matty
aloum001	Alou Moises
alpew101	Alpermann Whitey
alstd901	Alston Dave
alstd101	Alston Dell
alstg001	Alston Garvin
alstt101	Alston Tom
alstw101	Alston Walter
altap001	Altamirano Porfi
altee101	Alten Ernie
altej101	Altenburg Jesse
altha001	Altherr Aaron
altid101	Altizer Dave
altmg101	Altman George
altoj101	Altobelli Joe
altrn101	Altrock Nick
altuj001	Altuve Jose
alusg101	Alusik George
alval101	Alvarado Luis
alvaa001	Alvarez Abe
alvac001	Alvarez Clemente
alvad002	Alvarez Dariel
alvad001	Alvarez Dario
alvag001	Alvarez Gabe
alvah001	Alvarez Henderson
alvaj001	Alvarez Jose
alvaj003	Alvarez Jose
alvaj002	Alvarez Juan
alvao102	Alvarez Orlando
alvao101	Alvarez Ossie
alvap001	Alvarez Pedro
alvar001	Alvarez R.J.
alvar101	Alvarez Rogelio
alvat001	Alvarez Tavo
alvat002	Alvarez Tony
alvav001	Alvarez Victor
alvaw001	Alvarez Wilson
alvim101	Alvis Max
alvob101	Alvord Billy
alyeb101	Alyea Brant
amalj101	Amalfitano Joey
amarr001	Amaral Rich
amara001	Amarista Alexi
amarr101	Amaro Ruben
amarr002	Amaro Ruben
amblw101	Ambler Wayne
ambrc001	Ambres Chip
ambrh001	Ambriz Hector
amele001	Amelung Ed
amesr101	Ames Red
amess001	Ames Steve
ameza001	Amezaga Alfredo
amold101	Amole Doc
amorv101	Amor Vicente
amors101	Amoros Sandy
anckw101	Ancker Walter
andel001	Andersen Larry
andea102	Anderson Alf
andea001	Anderson Allan
andea101	Anderson Andy
andea901	Anderson Andy
robib103	Anderson Bill
andeb103	Anderson Bill
andeb102	Anderson Bob
andeb001	Anderson Brady
andeb004	Anderson Brett
andeb002	Anderson Brian
andeb003	Anderson Brian
andeb005	Anderson Bryan
andeb101	Anderson Bud
andec001	Anderson Chase
andec002	Anderson Cody
andec101	Anderson Craig
anded102	Anderson Dave
anded001	Anderson Dave
anded002	Anderson Drew
anded101	Anderson Dwain
andef102	Anderson Ferrell
andef101	Anderson Fred
andeg001	Anderson Garret
andeg102	Anderson George
andeg101	Anderson Goat
andeh102	Anderson Hal
andeh101	Anderson Harry
andej003	Anderson Jason
andej001	Anderson Jim
andej002	Anderson Jimmy
andej101	Anderson John
andej102	Anderson John
andej004	Anderson Josh
andek001	Anderson Kent
andel101	Anderson Larry
andel002	Anderson Lars
andem003	Anderson Marlon
andem002	Anderson Matt
andem101	Anderson Mike
andem001	Anderson Mike
andeo901	Anderson Ollie
ander102	Anderson Red
ander101	Anderson Rick
ander001	Anderson Rick
andes001	Anderson Scott
andes101	Anderson Sparky
andev101	Anderson Varney
andew102	Anderson Walter
andew101	Anderson Wingo
andir001	Andino Robert
andrs002	Andrade Steve
andrj102	Andre John
andre103	Andres Ernie
andrb901	Andress Bill
andrb801	Andress Brad
andrk101	Andrew Kim
andrc001	Andrews Clayton
andre101	Andrews Ed
andre102	Andrews Elbert
andrf101	Andrews Fred
andrh101	Andrews Hub
andri101	Andrews Ivy
andrj801	Andrews Jeff
andrj103	Andrews Jim
andrj101	Andrews John
andrm101	Andrews Mike
andrn101	Andrews Nate
andrr101	Andrews Rob
andrs001	Andrews Shane
andrs101	Andrews Stan
andrw102	Andrews Wally
andrm001	Andriese Matt
andrb101	Andrus Bill
andre001	Andrus Elvis
andrf102	Andrus Fred
andrw101	Andrus Wyman
anduj001	Andujar Joaquin
andul001	Andujar Luis
angen101	Angelini Norm
anglm001	Angle Matt
anglt101	Angley Tom
ankep101	Ankenman Pat
ankir001	Ankiel Rick
annad001	Anna Dean
annaw901	Annan Bill
annib101	Annis Bill
ansoc101	Anson Cap
anthe001	Anthony Eric
anthm901	Anthony Merle
antoj102	Antolick Joe
antoj101	Antonelli John
antoj103	Antonelli Johnny
antom001	Antonelli Matt
antob101	Antonello Bill
aokin001	Aoki Nori
aparl101	Aparicio Luis
apodb101	Apodaca Bob
aponl001	Aponte Luis
aponr801	Aponte Ricardo
appik001	Appier Kevin
applf101	Applegate Fred
apple101	Appleton Ed
applp101	Appleton Pete
appll101	Appling Luke
aquig001	Aquino Greg
aquil001	Aquino Luis
araga101	Aragon Angel
aragj101	Aragon Jack
aratm901	Arata Mark
araue001	Araujo Elvis
archm101	Archdeacon Maurice
archc001	Archer Chris
archf101	Archer Fred
archj101	Archer Jim
archj102	Archer Jimmy
archg101	Archie George
arcij101	Arcia Jose
arcio001	Arcia Oswaldo
arded101	Ardell Dan
ardir101	Ardizoia Rugger
ardnj101	Ardner Joe
ardod001	Ardoin Danny
arelf101	Arellanes Frank
arenn001	Arenado Nolan
arenj001	Arencibia J.P.
arfth101	Arft Hank
ariaa002	Arias Alberto
ariaa001	Arias Alex
ariag001	Arias George
ariaj001	Arias Joaquin
ariar101	Arias Rudy
arleb101	Arlett Buzz
arlid101	Arlich Don
arlis101	Arlin Steve
armam001	Armas Marcos
armat001	Armas Tony
armat002	Armas Tony
armbe101	Armbrister Ed
armbo101	Armbrust Orville
armbc101	Armbruster Charlie
armbh101	Armbruster Harry
armer901	Armendariz Ramon
armob801	Armour Bill
armsg101	Armstrong George
armsh101	Armstrong Howard
armsj001	Armstrong Jack
armsm001	Armstrong Mike
armsr101	Armstrong Robert
armss001	Armstrong Shawn
arndh101	Arndt Harry
arndl001	Arndt Larry
arnob101	Arnold Billy
arnoc101	Arnold Chris
arnof901	Arnold Frank
arnoj001	Arnold Jamie
arnos001	Arnold Scott
arnot001	Arnold Tony
arnom101	Arnovich Morrie
arnsb001	Arnsberg Brad
arnto101	Arntzen Orie
aro-j001	Aro Jonathan
arocr001	Arocha Rene
arrej001	Arredondo Jose
arrij001	Arrieta Jake
arrig101	Arrigo Gerry
arror001	Arrojo Rolando
arrob001	Arroyo Bronson
arrof001	Arroyo Fernando
arrol101	Arroyo Luis
arror101	Arroyo Rudy
arrue001	Arruebarrena Erisbel
arsep801	Arsenault Pierre
arunh101	Arundel Harry
arunt101	Arundel Tug
asadr001	Asadoor Randy
asbej101	Asbell Jim
asbjc101	Asbjornson Casper
ascaj001	Ascanio Jose
aschc001	Asche Cody
aschd901	Aschwege Dave
asenm001	Asencio Miguel
ash-k101	Ash Ken
ashbr101	Ashburn Richie
ashba001	Ashby Alan
ashba002	Ashby Andy
ashea001	Asher Alec
ashfe901	Ashford Emmett
ashft001	Ashford Tucker
ashlb001	Ashley Billy
ashln001	Ashley Nevin
asmut101	Asmussen Tom
asprb101	Aspromonte Bob
asprk101	Aspromonte Ken
asseb101	Asselstine Brian
assep001	Assenmacher Paul
astae001	Astacio Ezequiel
astap001	Astacio Pedro
astrj101	Astroth Joe
atchs001	Atchison Scott
atchj001	Atchley Justin
athec101	Atherton Charlie
athek001	Atherton Keith
atill001	Atilano Luis
atkig001	Atkins Garrett
atkij101	Atkins James
atkim001	Atkins Mitch
atkit101	Atkins Tommy
atkia101	Atkinson Al
atkib101	Atkinson Bill
atkie101	Atkinson Ed
adkih101	Atkinson Harry
atkil101	Atkinson Lefty
attrd101	Attreau Dick
atwet101	Atwell Toby
atwob101	Atwood Bill
atz-j101	Atz John
aubrc101	Aubrey Chub
aubrm001	Aubrey Michael
aucod001	Aucoin Derek
auder001	Aude Rich
auerr101	Auerbach Rick
aufet801	Auferio Tony
augeb001	Augenstein Bryan
augud001	August Don
augud101	Augustine Dave
auguj001	Augustine Jerry
aukee101	Auker Elden
auldt101	Aulds Tex
aultd101	Ault Doug
aumop001	Aumont Phillippe
aurir001	Aurilia Rich
ausaj001	Ausanio Joe
ausmb001	Ausmus Brad
austd101	Aust Dennis
auste901	Austin Ed
austh101	Austin Henry
austj002	Austin Jeff
austj001	Austin Jim
austj101	Austin Jimmy
austr101	Austin Rick
autra101	Autry Al
autrc101	Autry Chick
autrc102	Autry Chick
avann901	Avants Nick
avenb001	Aven Bruce
avere101	Averill Earl
avere102	Averill Earl
averh901	Avery Ham
avers001	Avery Steve
averx001	Avery Xavier
avila001	Avila Alex
avilb101	Avila Bobby
avill001	Avilan Luis
avilm001	Aviles Mike
avilr101	Aviles Ramon
avrej101	Avrea Jay
axeld001	Axelrod Dylan
axfoj001	Axford John
ayalb001	Ayala Benny
ayalb002	Ayala Bobby
ayall001	Ayala Luis
aybae001	Aybar Erick
aybam001	Aybar Manny
aybaw001	Aybar Willy
aydej101	Aydelott Jake
ayeru901	Ayers A.D.
ayerb101	Ayers Bill
ayerd101	Ayers Doc
aylwd101	Aylward Dick
ayrab001	Ayrault Bob
ayraj001	Ayrault Joe
azcuj101	Azcue Joe
azoco001	Azocar Oscar
babbc101	Babb Charlie
babcb101	Babcock Bob
babel101	Babe Loren
babij101	Babich Johnny
babic101	Babington Charlie
babis101	Babitt Shooty
backb001	Backe Brandon
backl101	Backman Les
backw001	Backman Wally
bacoe101	Bacon Eddie
bacsm001	Bacsik Michael
bacsm101	Bacsik Mike
baczf101	Baczewski Fred
badeb001	Badenhop Burke
badea101	Bader Art
badek101	Bader King
badgr101	Badgro Red
baece101	Baecht Ed
baekc001	Baek Cha-Seung
baerc001	Baerga Carlos
baezb001	Baez Benito
baezd001	Baez Danys
baezj001	Baez Javier
baezj101	Baez Jose
baezk001	Baez Kevin
baezp001	Baez Pedro
bagbj101	Bagby Jim
bagbj102	Bagby Jim
begle101	Bagley Ed
beglg101	Bagley Gene
bagwb101	Bagwell Bill
bagwj001	Bagwell Jeff
bahns101	Bahnsen Stan
bahre101	Bahr Ed
bahrf101	Bahret Frank
baicg101	Baichley Grover
bails001	Bailes Scott
baila001	Bailey Andrew
bailb101	Bailey Bill
bailb102	Bailey Bill
bailb103	Bailey Bob
bailb801	Bailey Buddy
bailc001	Bailey Cory
baile101	Bailey Ed
bailf101	Bailey Fred
bailg101	Bailey Gene
bailh102	Bailey Harvey
bailh001	Bailey Homer
bailh101	Bailey Howard
bailj001	Bailey Jeff
bailj101	Bailey Jim
bailk101	Bailey King
bailm001	Bailey Mark
bailr001	Bailey Roger
bails102	Bailey Steve
bails101	Bailey Sweetbread
bailb001	Bailor Bob
bainl101	Bain Loren
bainh001	Baines Harold
baird001	Bair Doug
baira101	Baird Al
bairb101	Baird Bob
baird101	Baird Doug
bairj901	Baird John
baisj001	Baisley Jeff
bajej001	Bajenaru Jeff
baked103	Bakenhaster Dave
bakea101	Baker Al
bakeb101	Baker Bill
bakeb102	Baker Bock
bakec901	Baker Charles
bakec102	Baker Charlie
bakec101	Baker Chuck
baked101	Baker Dave
baked102	Baker Del
baked001	Baker Doug
baked002	Baker Dusty
bakee101	Baker Ernie
bakef103	Baker Floyd
bakef104	Baker Frank
bakef101	Baker Frank
bakeg101	Baker Gene
bakeg102	Baker George
bakef102	Baker Home Run
bakeh101	Baker Howard
bakej103	Baker Jack
bakej001	Baker Jeff
bakej101	Baker Jesse
bakej104	Baker Jesse
bakej002	Baker John
bakej902	Baker Jordan
bakek101	Baker Kirtley
baken102	Baker Neal
baken101	Baker Norm
bakep101	Baker Phil
bakes001	Baker Scott
bakes002	Baker Scott
bakes101	Baker Steve
baket103	Baker Tom
baket102	Baker Tom
baket101	Baker Tracy
bakej102	Bakley Jersey
bakop001	Bako Paul
balam101	Balas Mike
balaj101	Balaz John
balbs001	Balboni Steve
balcb101	Balcena Bobby
baldr001	Baldelli Rocco
baldj101	Baldschun Jack
baldb101	Baldwin Billy
baldd101	Baldwin Dave
baldf101	Baldwin Frank
baldh101	Baldwin Harry
baldh102	Baldwin Henry
baldj002	Baldwin James
baldj001	Baldwin Jeff
baldk101	Baldwin Kid
baldl101	Baldwin Lady
baldm101	Baldwin Mark
baldo101	Baldwin Orson
baldr102	Baldwin Reggie
baldr101	Baldwin Rick
balej001	Bale John
balem101	Balenti Mike
balew001	Balentien Wladimir
balel101	Bales Lee
balec001	Balester Collin
balfg001	Balfour Grant
balla101	Ball Art
ballj003	Ball Jeff
ballj101	Ball Jim
balln101	Ball Neal
balll901	Ballanfant Lee
ballj002	Ballard Jeff
ballp101	Ballenger Pelham
ballj001	Baller Jay
ballf901	Ballina Frank
ballm101	Ballinger Mark
ballw101	Ballou Win
balst101	Balsamo Tony
balsd801	Balsley Darren
bambg101	Bamberger George
bambh101	Bamberger Hal
bancs101	Bancker Studs
bancd101	Bancroft Dave
bancf801	Bancroft Frank
bandc001	Bando Chris
bands101	Bando Sal
bandj001	Bandy Jett
banee101	Bane Eddie
baned101	Baney Dick
banij001	Banister Jeff
bankd101	Bankhead Dan
banks001	Bankhead Scott
bankb001	Banks Brian
banke101	Banks Ernie
bankg101	Banks George
bankj001	Banks Josh
bankw001	Banks Willie
bankb101	Bankston Bill
bankw002	Bankston Wes
bannj102	Banning Jim
banna001	Bannister Alan
bannb001	Bannister Brian
bannf001	Bannister Floyd
bannj101	Bannon Jimmy
bannt101	Bannon Tom
bantj101	Banta Jack
bantb001	Bantz Brandon
banum001	Banuelos Manny
baptt001	Baptist Travis
barar001	Barajas Rod
barbw101	Barbare Walter
barbr101	Barbary Red
barbj101	Barbeau Jap
barbd101	Barbee Dave
barbb002	Barber Brian
barbc101	Barber Charlie
barbs901	Barber Sean
barbs102	Barber Steve
barbs101	Barber Steve
barbt101	Barber Turner
barbf101	Barberich Frank
barbb001	Barberie Bret
barbj102	Barbieri Jim
barcl001	Barcelo Lorenzo
barcc101	Barclay Curt
barcg101	Barclay George
bardd001	Bard Daniel
bardj001	Bard Josh
bardb001	Barden Brian
barer101	Bare Ray
barfj001	Barfield Jesse
barfj002	Barfield John
barfj003	Barfield Josh
barfc101	Barfoot Clyde
bargg001	Bargar Greg
bargc101	Barger Cy
barkb001	Bark Brian
barka101	Barker Al
barkg001	Barker Glen
barkk001	Barker Kevin
barkl001	Barker Len
barkr102	Barker Ray
barkr001	Barker Richie
barks001	Barker Sean
barka001	Barkett Andy
barkb002	Barkley Brian
barkj001	Barkley Jeff
barkr101	Barkley Red
barks101	Barkley Sam
barkl901	Barksdale Lance
barla901	Barlick Al
barlm101	Barlow Mike
barlt101	Barlow Tom
barmb101	Barmes Bruce
barmc001	Barmes Clint
barnb102	Barna Babe
barnc101	Barnabe Charlie
barna001	Barnes Austin
barnb103	Barnes Bill
barnb104	Barnes Bob
barnb002	Barnes Brandon
barnb001	Barnes Brian
barne101	Barnes Eppie
barnf101	Barnes Frank
barnf102	Barnes Frank
barnh101	Barnes Honey
barnj102	Barnes Jesse
barnj001	Barnes John
barnj101	Barnes Junie
barnl001	Barnes Larry
barnl102	Barnes Lute
barnm001	Barnes Matt
barnr104	Barnes Red
barnr101	Barnes Rich
barnr901	Barnes Ron
barnr102	Barnes Ross
barns101	Barnes Sam
barns002	Barnes Scott
barns001	Barnes Skeeter
barnv101	Barnes Virgil
burnj107	Barnett Jack
barnl901	Barnett Larry
barnm801	Barnett Mike
barnd001	Barney Darwin
barne104	Barney Ed
barnr103	Barney Rex
barnc102	Barnhart Clyde
barne103	Barnhart Edgar
barnl101	Barnhart Les
barnt001	Barnhart Tucker
barnv102	Barnhart Vic
barng101	Barnicle George
barnb101	Barnie Billy
barne102	Barnowski Ed
barng901	Barnum George
barnc001	Barnwell Chris
baros001	Barojas Salome
baros002	Baron Steve
barod001	Barone Daniel
barod101	Barone Dick
barrb101	Barr Bob
barrb103	Barr Bob
barrg901	Barr George
barrj101	Barr Jim
barrs102	Barr Scotty
barrs103	Barr Steve
barrk002	Barraclough Kyle
barrc101	Barragan Cuno
barrg101	Barranca German
barra001	Barrett Aaron
barrb102	Barrett Bill
barrb105	Barrett Bill
barrb104	Barrett Bob
barrd101	Barrett Dick
barrf104	Barrett Frank
barrj103	Barrett Jimmy
barru101	Barrett John
barrj106	Barrett Johnny
barrl901	Barrett Lance
barrm101	Barrett Marty
barrm001	Barrett Marty
barrm003	Barrett Michael
barrr101	Barrett Red
barrt901	Barrett Ted
barrt001	Barrett Tim
barrt002	Barrett Tom
barrf101	Barrios Francisco
barrj102	Barrios Jose
barrm002	Barrios Manuel
barry001	Barrios Yhonathan
barrf103	Barron Frank
barrj901	Barron Jim
barrm901	Barron Mark
barrr103	Barron Red
barrt003	Barron Tony
barre801	Barrow Ed
barrc102	Barrows Cuke
barrf102	Barrows Frank
barrd901	Barry Dan
barre101	Barry Ed
barrh101	Barry Hardin
barrj104	Barry Jack
barrj001	Barry Jeff
barrk001	Barry Kevin
barrr102	Barry Rich
barrs901	Barry Scott
barrs101	Barry Shad
barrt101	Barry Tom
barsm901	Barston Mike
bartk001	Bartee Kimera
bartd101	Bartell Dick
bartb103	Barthelson Bob
bartj002	Barthmaier Jimmy
bartj101	Barthold John
bartl101	Bartholomew Les
bartt101	Bartirome Tony
bartj001	Bartlett Jason
bartb102	Bartley Bill
bartb104	Bartley Boyd
barti101	Bartling Irv
bartb101	Barton Bob
bartb001	Barton Brian
bartd001	Barton Daric
barth101	Barton Harry
barts001	Barton Shawn
bartv101	Barton Vince
bartd102	Bartosch Dave
bartc001	Bartosh Cliff
bartc101	Bartson Charlie
barzp001	Barzilla Philip
basac001	Basak Chris
basgm101	Basgall Monty
basha101	Bashang Al
bashw101	Bashore Walt
basis901	Basil Steve
basie101	Basinski Eddie
baskj101	Baskette Jim
basnt901	Basner Toby
bassa001	Bass Anthony
bassb001	Bass Brian
bassd102	Bass Dick
bassd101	Bass Doc
bassj101	Bass John
bassk001	Bass Kevin
bassn101	Bass Norm
bassr101	Bass Randy
bassc101	Bassett Charley
bassc001	Bassitt Chris
bassj102	Bassler Johnny
basta001	Bastardo Antonio
bastc101	Bastian Charlie
baswj901	Baswell Jack
batce101	Batch Emil
batcj101	Batchelder Joe
batcr001	Batchelor Rich
batej102	Bateman John
batea001	Bates Aaron
bateb001	Bates Billy
bateb101	Bates Bud
batec101	Bates Charlie
bated101	Bates Del
bated102	Bates Dick
batef101	Bates Frank
batej001	Bates Jason
batej103	Bates John
batej101	Bates Johnny
bater101	Bates Ray
bathb001	Bathe Bill
batim001	Batista Miguel
batir101	Batista Rafael
batit001	Batista Tony
batik001	Batiste Kevin
batik002	Batiste Kim
batsb101	Batsch Bill
battl101	Battam Larry
battg101	Batten George
batte101	Battey Earl
battj102	Battin Joe
batta001	Battle Allen
batth001	Battle Howard
battj101	Battle Jim
battc101	Batton Chris
battm101	Batts Matt
bauea101	Bauer Al
baueh101	Bauer Hank
bauel101	Bauer Lou
bauer001	Bauer Rick
bauet001	Bauer Trevor
bauer101	Bauers Russ
baugj001	Baughman Justin
baumf102	Baumann Frank
baump101	Baumann Paddy
baumj102	Baumer Jim
baumg101	Baumgardner George
baumr101	Baumgarten Ross
baumh101	Baumgartner Harry
baumj101	Baumgartner John
baums101	Baumgartner Stan
baumf101	Baumholtz Frank
bausg101	Bausewine George
baute101	Bauta Ed
bautd001	Bautista Danny
bautd002	Bautista Denny
bautj001	Bautista Jose
bautj002	Bautista Jose
baxej101	Baxes Jim
baxem101	Baxes Mike
baxtm001	Baxter Mike
baxtj101	Baxter Moose
bay-h101	Bay Harry
bay-j001	Bay Jason
byerb102	Bayer Burley
bayld101	Bayless Dick
baylj001	Bayliss Jonah
bayld001	Baylor Don
baynb101	Bayne Bill
bazay001	Bazardo Yorman
beacj101	Beach Jack
beacb001	Beachy Brandon
beatd102	Beadle Dave
beald901	Beal Damien
bealb101	Beall Bob
bealj101	Beall Johnny
bealw101	Beall Walter
bealt101	Beals Tommy
beama101	Beam Alex
beame101	Beam Ernie
beamt002	Beam T.J.
beamc102	Beamon Charlie
beamc101	Beamon Charlie
beamt001	Beamon Trey
beanb101	Bean Belve
beanb002	Bean Bill
beanc001	Bean Colter
beane901	Bean Ed
beanj101	Bean Joe
beanb001	Beane Billy
beard001	Beard Dave
bearm101	Beard Mike
bearo101	Beard Ollie
bearr101	Beard Ralph
beart101	Beard Ted
bearg102	Bearden Gene
bearj901	Beardsley John
bearg101	Beare Gary
bearl101	Bearnarth Larry
beark001	Bearse Kevin
beasc001	Beasley Chris
beasl101	Beasley Lew
beast801	Beasley Tony
beate101	Beatin Ed
beatp001	Beato Pedro
beatj001	Beattie Jim
beatb001	Beatty Blaine
beatd101	Beatty Desmond
beauj101	Beauchamp Jim
beaug101	Beaumont Ginger
beavb001	Beavan Blake
beave101	Beavens Edward
beazj101	Beazley Johnny
becaw901	Becannon Billy
becab101	Becannon Buck
bechs001	Bechler Steve
bechg101	Bechtel George
beckb901	Beck Bob
beckb104	Beck Boom-Boom
beckc001	Beck Chad
beckc002	Beck Chris
beckc101	Beck Clyde
becke101	Beck Erve
beckf102	Beck Frank
beckf101	Beck Fred
beckg102	Beck George
beckr101	Beck Rich
beckr001	Beck Rod
beckz101	Beck Zinn
beckh101	Beckendorf Heinie
beckb101	Becker Beals
beckb102	Becker Bob
beckc102	Becker Charlie
beckh102	Becker Heinz
beckj102	Becker Joe
beckm101	Becker Marty
beckr002	Becker Rich
beckg101	Beckert Glenn
beckj002	Beckett Josh
beckr003	Beckett Robbie
beckg001	Beckham Gordon
beckt001	Beckham Tim
beckj103	Beckley Jake
beckj101	Beckman Jim
beckb103	Beckmann Bill
beckj001	Beckwith Joe
becqj101	Becquer Julio
bedae001	Bedard Erik
bedeh101	Bedell Howie
bedfg101	Bedford Gene
bedgp101	Bedgood Phil
bedih101	Bedient Hugh
bedna101	Bednar Andy
bedrc001	Bedrosian Cam
bedrs001	Bedrosian Steve
beebf101	Beebe Fred
beebw901	Beebe W.S.
beecm001	Beech Matt
beece101	Beecher Ed
beecr101	Beecher Roy
beeld001	Beeler Dallas
beelj101	Beeler Jodie
beena001	Beene Andy
beenf101	Beene Fred
beerc101	Beers Clarence
beggj101	Beggs Joe
beglj101	Begley Jim
behap101	Behan Petie
behes101	Behel Steve
beher001	Behenna Rick
behlf901	Behle Frank
behnm101	Behney Mel
behrh101	Behrman Hank
beimj001	Beimel Joe
beirk001	Beirne Kevin
bejmo101	Bejma Ollie
belam101	Belanger Mark
belaw101	Belardi Wayne
belck001	Belcher Kevin
belct001	Belcher Tim
beldi101	Belden Ira
belfm001	Belfiore Mike
belis001	Belinda Stan
belib101	Belinsky Bo
belir001	Belisario Ronald
belim001	Belisle Matt
belit001	Belitz Todd
belij001	Beliveau Jeff
belkt001	Belk Tim
bellb102	Bell Beau
bellb101	Bell Bill
bellb001	Bell Buddy
bellc101	Bell Charlie
belld002	Bell David
belld001	Bell Derek
belle001	Bell Eric
bellf102	Bell Fern
bellf101	Bell Frank
bellg102	Bell Gary
bellg101	Bell George
bellg001	Bell George
bellg103	Bell Gus
bellh001	Bell Heath
bellh101	Bell Hi
bellr103	Bell Jack
bellj001	Bell Jay
bellj101	Bell Jerry
bellj004	Bell Josh
bellj003	Bell Juan
bellk101	Bell Kevin
belll101	Bell Les
bellm001	Bell Mike
bellm003	Bell Mike
bellr101	Bell Ralph
bellr003	Bell Rob
bellt001	Bell Terry
bellt002	Bell Trevor
bellw901	Bell Wally
bellz101	Bella Zeke
bells101	Bellan Steve
bella001	Bellatti Andrew
bellj002	Belle Albert
bellm002	Bellhorn Mark
bellr001	Belliard Rafael
bellr002	Belliard Ronnie
bellc001	Bellinger Clay
belld901	Bellino Dan
bellj102	Bellman Jack
bellr102	Belloir Rob
belle002	Bellorin Edwin
belnv001	Belnome Vince
belod001	Below Duane
beltb001	Belt Brandon
beltc001	Beltran Carlos
beltf001	Beltran Francis
beltr001	Beltran Rigo
belta001	Beltre Adrian
belte002	Beltre Engel
belte001	Beltre Esteban
belto001	Beltre Omar
bemih101	Bemis Harry
benam001	Benard Marvin
benaf001	Benavides Freddie
bencj101	Bench Johnny
bendj901	Bendekovits Joe
bendc101	Bender Chief
benea101	Benedict Art
beneb001	Benedict Bruce
benea002	Benes Alan
benea001	Benes Andy
benej101	Benes Joe
bengr101	Benge Ray
bengb101	Bengough Benny
benij001	Beniquez Juan
benia001	Benitez Armando
beniy001	Benitez Yamil
benjm001	Benjamin Mike
benjs101	Benjamin Stan
bennh101	Benn Henry
benni101	Benners Ike
morrb103	Bennett Bugs
bennc101	Bennett Charlie
bennd102	Bennett Dave
bennd101	Bennett Dennis
benne001	Bennett Erik
bennf102	Bennett Frank
bennf101	Bennett Fred
benng001	Bennett Gary
bennh102	Bennett Herschel
bennj901	Bennett Jack
bennj002	Bennett Jeff
bennj101	Bennett Joe
bennj001	Bennett Joel
bennp101	Bennett Pug
benns001	Bennett Shayne
benoj001	Benoit Joaquin
bensa101	Benson Allen
bensj001	Benson Joe
bensk001	Benson Kris
bensv101	Benson Vern
bentc101	Bentley Cy
bentj101	Bentley Jack
benta101	Benton Al
bentb001	Benton Butch
bentl101	Benton Larry
bentr101	Benton Rabbit
bentr102	Benton Rube
bents101	Benton Sid
bentc001	Bentz Chad
benzj101	Benz Joe
benzt001	Benzinger Todd
berad801	Berardino Dick
beraj101	Berardino Johnny
berbl101	Berberet Lou
berbj001	Berblinger Jeff
berej002	Bere Jason
berej001	Berenguer Juan
bereb001	Berenyi Bruce
bergd002	Berg Dave
bergj002	Berg Justin
bergm103	Berg Moe
berga102	Bergamo Augie
bergb102	Bergen Bill
bergm102	Bergen Marty
bergb101	Berger Boze
bergb001	Berger Brandon
bergc101	Berger Clarence
bergf901	Berger Frederick
bergh101	Berger Heinie
bergj103	Berger Joe
bergj102	Berger Johnny
bergt101	Berger Tun
bergw101	Berger Wally
bergp001	Bergeron Peter
bergb002	Bergesen Brad
bergj101	Bergh John
bergm101	Berghammer Marty
berga101	Bergman Al
bergc001	Bergman Christian
bergd001	Bergman Dave
bergd003	Bergman Dusty
bergs001	Bergman Sean
bergj001	Bergmann Jason
bergw001	Bergolla William
beric801	Beringer C.B.
berkf101	Berkelbach Frank
berkj001	Berken Jason
berkn101	Berkenstock Nate
berkl001	Berkman Lance
berlj101	Berly Jack
bermb101	Berman Bob
bernr001	Bernadina Roger
bernv101	Bernal Victor
bernc101	Bernard Curt
bernd101	Bernard Dwight
bernj102	Bernard Joe
bernt001	Bernazard Tony
berna001	Bernero Adam
bernb101	Bernhard Bill
bernc801	Bernhardt Carlos
bernj101	Bernhardt Juan
bernw101	Bernhardt Walter
bernc102	Bernier Carlos
bernd001	Bernier Doug
beroj101	Bero Johnny
berrd001	Berra Dale
berry101	Berra Yogi
berrd101	Berran Dennis
berrr101	Berres Ray
berra001	Berroa Angel
berrg001	Berroa Geronimo
berrc102	Berry Charlie
berrc103	Berry Charlie
berrc101	Berry Claude
berrj101	Berry Joe
berrj103	Berry Joe
berrj102	Berry Joe
berrk101	Berry Ken
berrm801	Berry Mark
berrn101	Berry Neil
berrq001	Berry Quintin
berrs001	Berry Sean
berrt101	Berry Tom
berrd002	Berryhill Damon
bertf101	Bertaina Frank
berth102	Berte Harry
bertd101	Bertell Dick
berth101	Berthrong Henry
bertr101	Bertoia Reno
bertm001	Bertotti Mike
bertl101	Bertrand Lefty
berua001	Berumen Andres
besaf101	Besana Fred
bescb101	Bescher Bob
bessh101	Besse Herman
bessd101	Bessent Don
bestk001	Best Karl
bestu101	Bestick William
beswj101	Beswick Jim
betad001	Betances Dellin
betar001	Betancourt Rafael
betay001	Betancourt Yuniesky
betcf101	Betcher Frank
betcr901	Betcher Ralph
betew001	Betemit Wilson
bethc001	Bethancourt Christian
bethb101	Bethea Bill
bethj101	Bethke Jim
bettl101	Bettencourt Larry
bettj001	Bettendorf Jeff
bettc001	Bettis Chad
betth102	Betts Harry
betth101	Betts Huck
bettm001	Betts Mookie
bettw901	Betts William
betzb101	Betzel Bruno
bevak001	Bevacqua Kurt
bevah101	Bevan Hal
beveb101	Bevens Bill
bevej001	Beverlin Jason
bevib001	Bevil Brian
bevil101	Bevil Lou
bevib101	Beville Ben
bevim101	Beville Monte
bevit801	Bevington Terry
beyea801	Beyeler Arnie
bezdh801	Bezdek Hugo
biagg801	Biagini Greg
biald801	Bialas Dave
biall901	Bialorucki Larry
bianb001	Biancalana Buddy
bianj001	Bianchi Jeff
biant101	Bianco Tommy
biash101	Biasatti Hank
bibbj001	Bibby Jim
biblj901	Bible Jon
bichd001	Bichette Dante
bicku801	Bickerton John
bickv101	Bickford Vern
bickd101	Bickham Dan
bickc101	Bicknell Charlie
biddr001	Biddle Rocky
beece102	Biecher Ed
bielo101	Bielaski Oscar
bielm001	Bielecki Mike
biemh101	Biemiller Harry
bierl101	Bierbauer Lou
biern001	Bierbrodt Nick
bierr001	Bierd Randor
bierb901	Bierhalter Bits
bierc101	Bierman Charles
biess001	Bieser Steve
bigbc101	Bigbee Carson
bigbl101	Bigbee Lyle
bigbl001	Bigbie Larry
bigee101	Bigelow Elliot
bigew901	Bigelow W.J.
biggc001	Biggio Craig
biggc101	Biggs Charlie
bigli101	Bigler Ivan
bigng101	Bignell George
biitl101	Biittner Larry
bilad001	Bilardello Dann
bilbj101	Bilbrey Jim
bilde101	Bildilli Emil
bilks101	Bilko Steve
billh101	Billiard Harry
billj101	Billingham Jack
billb002	Billings Bruce
billd101	Billings Dick
billj103	Billings Josh
billj102	Billings Josh
billb001	Billingsley Brent
billc001	Billingsley Chad
billm801	Billmeyer Mick
binkg101	Binks George
biras101	Biras Steve
bircj101	Birchall Jud
birdd101	Bird Doug
birdf101	Bird Frank
birdg101	Bird George
birdg001	Bird Greg
birdr101	Bird Red
birdd102	Birdsall Dave
birkm001	Birkbeck Mike
birkk001	Birkins Kurt
birkr101	Birkofer Ralph
birmj101	Birmingham Joe
birrb101	Birrer Babe
birtt001	Birtsas Tim
biscf101	Biscan Frank
biscj101	Bischoff John
bisej001	Bisenius Joe
bishb101	Bishop Bill
bishb102	Bishop Bill
bishc101	Bishop Charlie
bishf101	Bishop Frank
bishh901	Bishop Homer
bishj101	Bishop Jim
bishl101	Bishop Lloyd
bishm102	Bishop Max
bishm101	Bishop Mike
bislr101	Bisland Rivington
bissd101	Bissonette Del
bithh101	Bithorn Hi
bitkj001	Bitker Joe
bittj001	Bittiger Jeff
bittr101	Bittmann Red
bivij101	Bivin Jim
bixlb001	Bixler Brian
bjorg101	Bjorkman George
bjorc801	Bjornson Craig
blacb103	Black Bill
blacb102	Black Bob
blacb101	Black Bud
blacb001	Black Buddy
blacd102	Black Dave
blacd101	Black Don
blacj103	Black Joe
blacj101	Black John
blacv001	Black Vic
blace103	Blackaby Ethan
blacc101	Blackburn Charlie
blace101	Blackburn Earl
blacg102	Blackburn George
blacj102	Blackburn Jim
blacn001	Blackburn Nick
blacr101	Blackburn Ron
blacw801	Blackburn Wayne
blacl101	Blackburne Lena
blacg101	Blackerby George
blact001	Blackley Travis
blacc001	Blackmon Charlie
blace102	Blackwell Ewell
blacf101	Blackwell Fred
blact101	Blackwell Tim
bladr102	Blades Ray
bladr101	Bladt Rick
blaeg101	Blaeholder George
blaer101	Blaemire Rae
blaib101	Blair Bill
blaib102	Blair Buddy
blaic001	Blair Carson
blaid101	Blair Dennis
blaif101	Blair Footsie
blaip101	Blair Paul
blaiw101	Blair Walter
blaiw901	Blair William
blaiw001	Blair Willie
blaid102	Blaisdell Dick
blakc001	Blake Casey
blake101	Blake Ed
blakh101	Blake Harry
blaks101	Blake Sheriff
blakl101	Blakely Linc
blakb101	Blakiston Bob
blakr901	Blakney Ryan
blalh001	Blalock Hank
blanj101	Blanchard Johnny
blana101	Blanche Al
blana001	Blanco Andres
bland101	Blanco Damaso
blang101	Blanco Gil
blang001	Blanco Gregor
blanh001	Blanco Henry
blano101	Blanco Ossie
blant001	Blanco Tony
blann001	Bland Nate
blanf901	Blandford Fred
blanf102	Blanding Fred
blanc102	Blank Coonie
blanf101	Blank Fred
blanm001	Blank Matt
blanc103	Blankenship Cliff
blanh101	Blankenship Homer
blank001	Blankenship Kevin
blanl001	Blankenship Lance
blant101	Blankenship Ted
blank002	Blanks Kyle
blanl101	Blanks Larvell
blanc101	Blanton Cy
blanj001	Blanton Joe
blasc901	Blaser Cory
blasd101	Blasingame Don
blasw101	Blasingame Wade
blass101	Blass Steve
blats101	Blateric Steve
blatj101	Blatnik Johnny
blatb101	Blattner Buddy
blauj001	Blauser Jeff
blauh101	Blauvelt Harvey
blayb101	Blaylock Bob
blayg101	Blaylock Gary
blaym101	Blaylock Marv
blazm001	Blazek Michael
blazr001	Blazier Ron
blefc101	Blefary Curt
blemr101	Blemker Ray
blesi101	Blessitt Ike
bletc101	Blethen Clarence
blevj001	Blevins Jerry
blewb101	Blewett Bob
blign101	Bligh Ned
blise101	Bliss Elmer
blisf101	Bliss Frank
blisj101	Bliss Jack
blocb101	Block Bruno
blocc101	Block Cy
bloct001	Blocker Terry
blodc901	Blodgett William
blogw101	Blogg Wes
blomr101	Blomberg Ron
blomb001	Blomdahl Ben
blonj101	Blong Joe
blooj101	Bloodworth Jimmy
bloou901	Bloom Ed
bloob101	Bloomfield Bud
blooj801	Bloomfield Jack
bloow001	Bloomquist Willie
blosg001	Blosser Greg
blotj101	Blott Jack
blowm001	Blowers Mike
blueb101	Blue Bert
bluel101	Blue Lu
bluev001	Blue Vida
blueo102	Bluege Ossie
blueo101	Bluege Otto
bluej101	Bluejacket Jim
bluhr101	Bluhm Red
blumg001	Blum Geoff
blumj001	Bluma Jaime
blumc101	Blume Clint
blylb001	Blyleven Bert
blyzm101	Blyzka Mike
boakc101	Boak Chet
boakj901	Boake John
boarc101	Boardman Charlie
boarf101	Boardman Frederick
bobbr101	Bobb Randy
bocah001	Bocachica Hiram
boccj101	Boccabella John
bocem101	Bocek Milt
bochb001	Bochte Bruce
bochd001	Bochtler Doug
bochb003	Bochy Brett
bochb002	Bochy Bruce
bocke101	Bockman Eddie
bockr001	Bockus Randy
bocob001	Bocock Brian
boddm001	Boddicker Mike
bodip101	Bodie Ping
boect101	Boeckel Tony
boehg101	Boehler George
boehj101	Boehling Joe
boehl101	Boehmer Len
boehb001	Boehringer Brian
boerl101	Boerner Larry
boesb001	Boesch Brennan
boevj001	Boever Joe
bogax001	Bogaerts Xander
bogat001	Bogar Tim
bogaj101	Bogart John
boget101	Bogener Terry
boggd901	Boggess Dusty
boggb001	Boggs Brandon
boggm001	Boggs Mitchell
boggr101	Boggs Ray
boggt001	Boggs Tommy
boggw001	Boggs Wade
boglw101	Bogle Warren
bogub001	Bogusevic Brian
bohab001	Bohanon Brian
bohep101	Bohen Pat
bohnc101	Bohn Charlie
bohnm901	Bohn Matt
bohnt001	Bohn T.J.
bohns101	Bohne Sam
bohnj101	Bohnet John
boisb101	Boisclair Bruce
boitd101	Boitano Dan
boked101	Bokelmann Dick
bokeb101	Boken Bob
bokij101	Bokina Joe
bolau101	Boland 
bolab101	Boland Bernie
bolae101	Boland Ed
boldc101	Bold Charlie
boldb101	Bolden Bill
bolek801	Bolek Ken
boles101	Bolen Stew
bolec101	Boles Carl
bolec901	Boles Charles
bolej801	Boles John
bolej101	Boley Joe
bolgj101	Bolger Jim
bolif001	Bolick Frank
bolib101	Bolin Bobby
bollf101	Bolling Frank
bollj101	Bolling Jack
bollm101	Bolling Milt
bollg101	Bollo Greg
bolld101	Bollweg Don
bolsm001	Bolsinger Mike
boltc102	Bolton Cecil
boltc101	Bolton Cliff
boltr001	Bolton Rod
boltt001	Bolton Tom
bombm101	Bomback Mark
bombm801	Bombard Marc
bomet901	Bomeisler Theo
bondt101	Bond Tommy
bondw101	Bond Walt
bondj001	Bonderman Jeremy
bondb001	Bonds Barry
bondb101	Bonds Bobby
boneg101	Bone George
boner001	Bones Ricky
bonej101	Bonetti Julio
boneh101	Boney Hank
bongj001	Bong Jung
bongn101	Bongiovanni Nino
bonhb101	Bonham Bill
bonht101	Bonham Tiny
bonie001	Bonifacio Emilio
bonij101	Bonikowski Joe
bonib001	Bonilla Bobby
bonij001	Bonilla Juan
bonil001	Bonilla Lisalverto
bonig901	Bonin Greg
bonil101	Bonin Luther
bonie002	Bonine Eddie
bonnb001	Bonnell Barry
bonnb101	Bonner Bobby
bonnf101	Bonner Frank
bonnb102	Bonness Bill
bonog101	Bono Gus
bonsb001	Bonser Boof
bonuz101	Bonura Zeke
booee101	Booe Everett
bookb101	Booker Buddy
bookc001	Booker Chris
bookg001	Booker Greg
bookr001	Booker Rod
boola101	Bool Al
boolr101	Booles Red
boona001	Boone Aaron
boonb001	Boone Bob
boonb002	Boone Bret
boond102	Boone Dan
boond101	Boone Danny
boong101	Boone George
booni101	Boone Ike
boonl101	Boone Luke
boonr101	Boone Ray
bootc001	Bootcheck Chris
bootu101	Booth 
boota101	Booth Amos
boote101	Booth Eddie
bootj001	Booty Josh
boozj101	Boozer John
borbj001	Borbon Julio
borbp101	Borbon Pedro
borbp001	Borbon Pedro
borcj001	Borchard Joe
borcg101	Borchers George
bordf101	Bordagaray Frenchy
bordj101	Borden Joe
bordp001	Borders Pat
bordr001	Bordi Rich
bordm001	Bordick Mike
bordb101	Bordley Bill
borgs901	Borga Steve
borgg101	Borgmann Glenn
borip101	Boris Paul
borkf101	Bork Frank
borkb101	Borkowski Bob
borkd001	Borkowski Dave
borlt001	Borland Toby
borlt101	Borland Tom
boror101	Borom Red
boros101	Boros Steve
boros801	Boroski Stan
boroj001	Borowski Joe
boroh101	Borowy Hank
bortb101	Borton Babe
boscj001	Boscan J.C.
boscd101	Bosch Don
boser101	Bosetti Rick
boshb001	Boshers Buddy
bosic001	Bosio Chris
bosks001	Boskie Shawn
boslt001	Bosley Thad
bosmd101	Bosman Dick
bossh101	Boss Harley
bossm101	Bosser Mel
bosth101	Bostick Henry
bostl101	Bostock Lyman
bostd001	Boston Daryl
boswa101	Boswell Andy
boswd101	Boswell Dave
boswk101	Boswell Ken
boted001	Botelho Derek
bottr001	Bottalico Ricky
bottj102	Bottarini John
bottk001	Bottenfield Kent
bottr101	Botting Ralph
bottj101	Bottomley Jim
bottj001	Botts Jason
botzb101	Botz Bob
bouce101	Bouchee Ed
bouca101	Boucher Al
boucd001	Boucher Denis
boucm101	Boucher Medric
boudl101	Boudreau Lou
boulc101	Bouldin Carl
boulj101	Boultes Jake
bourj002	Bour Justin
bourj001	Bourgeois Jason
bours001	Bourgeois Steve
bourc101	Bourjos Chris
bourp001	Bourjos Peter
bourm001	Bourn Michael
bourr001	Bournigal Rafael
bourp101	Bourque Pat
bonsn901	Bouse Nicholas
boutj101	Bouton Jim
bovem001	Bovee Mike
bovet901	Bovey Terry
bowal001	Bowa Larry
bowcb101	Bowcock Benny
bowdm001	Bowden Michael
bowdt101	Bowden Tim
bowec102	Bowen Chick
bowec101	Bowen Cy
bower002	Bowen Rob
bower001	Bowen Ryan
bowes101	Bowen Sam
bowes103	Bowens Sam
bowef102	Bowerman Frank
boweb101	Bowers Billy
boweb001	Bowers Brent
bowec001	Bowers Cedrick
bowes001	Bowers Shane
bowes102	Bowers Stew
bowef101	Bowes Frank
bowij001	Bowie Jim
bowim001	Bowie Micah
bowkj001	Bowker John
bowlg101	Bowler Grant
bowlb001	Bowles Brian
bowlc101	Bowles Charlie
bowle101	Bowles Emmett
bowlw101	Bowlin Weldon
bowls101	Bowling Steve
bowma101	Bowman Abe
bowmb101	Bowman Bill
bowmb103	Bowman Bob
bowmb102	Bowman Bob
bowme102	Bowman Elmer
bowme101	Bowman Ernie
bowmj101	Bowman Joe
bowmr101	Bowman Roger
bowms101	Bowman Sumner
bowsr101	Bowser Red
bowst101	Bowsfield Ted
bowyt001	Bowyer Travis
boxbb001	Boxberger Brad
boydb101	Boyd Bill
boydb102	Boyd Bob
boydf101	Boyd Frank
boydg101	Boyd Gary
boydj101	Boyd Jake
boydj001	Boyd Jason
boydm001	Boyd Matt
boydo001	Boyd Oil Can
boydr101	Boyd Ray
boyeb001	Boyer Blaine
boyec102	Boyer Clete
boyec101	Boyer Cloyd
boyej901	Boyer Jim
boyek101	Boyer Ken
boyld101	Boyland Doe
boylb101	Boyle Buzz
boyle101	Boyle Eddie
boylh102	Boyle Henry
boylj102	Boyle Jack
boylj101	Boyle Jack
boylj103	Boyle Jim
boylh101	Boyles Harry
bozem001	Boze Marshall
brabg101	Brabender Gene
bracb001	Brach Brad
bracs001	Bracho Silvino
bracg101	Brack Gibby
bracj102	Bracken Jack
bracj101	Brackenridge John
braca001	Brackman Andrew
bradz001	Braddock Zach
bradd002	Braden Dallas
bradd102	Bradey Don
bradb106	Bradford Bill
bradb105	Bradford Buddy
bradc001	Bradford Chad
bradl101	Bradford Larry
bradv101	Bradford Vic
brada101	Bradley Al
brada001	Bradley Archie
bradb101	Bradley Bert
bradb102	Bradley Bill
bradf101	Bradley Foghorn
bradf102	Bradley Fred
bradg103	Bradley George
bradg101	Bradley George
bradh102	Bradley Herb
bradh101	Bradley Hugh
bradj103	Bradley Jack
bradj001	Bradley Jackie
bradm101	Bradley Mark
bradm001	Bradley Milton
bradp001	Bradley Phil
bradr001	Bradley Ryan
brads001	Bradley Scott
bradt102	Bradley Tom
bradd101	Bradshaw Dallas
bradg102	Bradshaw George
bradj101	Bradshaw Joe
bradt001	Bradshaw Terry
bradu102	Brady 
bradu901	Brady 
bradb104	Brady Bill
bradb103	Brady Bob
bradb001	Brady Brian
bradc101	Brady Cliff
bradd001	Brady Doug
bradj901	Brady Jackson
bradj102	Brady Jim
bradk101	Brady King
bradn101	Brady Neal
brads101	Brady Steve
bragb101	Bragan Bobby
bragj801	Bragan Jimmy
bragd001	Bragg Darren
bragd101	Braggins Dick
bragg001	Braggs Glenn
braid101	Brain Dave
braia102	Brainard Asa
braif101	Brainard Fred
braia101	Braithwood Al
brame101	Brame Erv
brama101	Bramhall Art
branr103	Branca Ralph
brana101	Brancato Al
branh101	Branch Harvey
brann101	Branch Norm
branr102	Branch Roy
branr101	Brand Ron
branm002	Brandenburg Mark
branc101	Brandom Chick
branb102	Brandon Bucky
branb101	Brandt Bill
brane101	Brandt Ed
branj101	Brandt Jackie
brano101	Brannan Otis
branm102	Brannock Mike
brand101	Branom Dud
brank101	Bransfield Kitty
branj002	Branson Jeff
branm101	Brant Marshall
branc001	Brantley Cliff
branj001	Brantley Jeff
branm003	Brantley Michael
branm001	Brantley Mickey
branr002	Brantly Rob
branr001	Branyan Russell
brask101	Brashear Kitty
brasr101	Brashear Roy
brasr001	Brasier Ryan
bratj101	Bratcher Joe
bratf101	Bratschi Fred
brauj101	Braun John
braur001	Braun Ryan
braur002	Braun Ryan
braus001	Braun Steve
brava101	Bravo Angel
braxg101	Braxton Garland
brayb001	Bray Bill
brayb101	Bray Buster
brazc001	Brazell Craig
brazd001	Brazelton Dewon
brazf101	Brazill Frank
braza101	Brazle Al
brazy001	Brazoban Yhency
breal001	Brea Leslie
breas001	Bream Sid
breaj101	Breazeale Jim
brech101	Brecheen Harry
brecb101	Breckinridge Bill
bredg901	Bredberg A.C.
bredb001	Brede Brent
breed101	Breeden Danny
breeh101	Breeden Hal
breej801	Breeden Joe
brees801	Breeden Scott
breem101	Breeding Marv
breif001	Breining Fred
breia101	Breitenstein Alonzo
breit101	Breitenstein Ted
bremh101	Bremer Herb
bremn901	Bremigan Nick
brens101	Brenegan Sam
brenb001	Brenly Bob
brena101	Brennan Ad
brenb901	Brennan Bill
brend101	Brennan Don
brenj102	Brennan Jack
brenj901	Brennan Jack
brent001	Brennan Tom
brenw001	Brennan William
brenj101	Brenneman Jim
brenb102	Brenner Bert
brenl101	Brenton Lynn
brenb002	Brentz Bryce
brenb101	Brenzel Bill
bresc001	Breslow Craig
bresr102	Bresnahan Roger
bresr101	Bressler Rube
brese101	Bressoud Eddie
bretj101	Breton Jim
bretd101	Brett Duke
bretg001	Brett George
bretk101	Brett Ken
bretr001	Brett Ryan
breum101	Breuer Marv
brewb001	Brewer Billy
brewc001	Brewer Charles
brewj101	Brewer Jack
brewj102	Brewer Jim
brewm001	Brewer Mike
brewr001	Brewer Rod
brewt101	Brewer Tom
brewt001	Brewer Tony
brewj001	Brewington Jamie
brewc101	Brewster Charlie
brica101	Brice Alan
bricf101	Brickell Fred
bricf102	Brickell Fritz
bricg101	Brickley George
bricr101	Brickner Ralph
bridj101	Brideweser Jim
bridm101	Bridges Marshall
bridr101	Bridges Rocky
bridt101	Bridges Tommy
brida101	Bridwell Al
brieb101	Brief Bunny
brigb101	Briggs Buttons
brigc101	Briggs Charlie
brigd101	Briggs Dan
brigg101	Briggs Grant
brigj101	Briggs John
brigj102	Briggs John
brigw901	Briggs Warren
brigj001	Brigham Jake
brigh101	Bright Harry
brigr001	Brignac Reid
briln101	Briles Nelson
brilg001	Briley Greg
brilf101	Brill Frank
brilj101	Brillheart Jim
brinb001	Brink Brad
brinb101	Brinker Bill
brinc101	Brinkman Chuck
brine101	Brinkman Ed
brinj901	Brinkman Joe
brinl101	Brinkopf Leon
briof101	Briody Fatty
brism901	Briscese Mike
brisj001	Briscoe John
brisl101	Brissie Lou
brisd801	Bristol Dave
brisg101	Bristow George
britb001	Brito Bernardo
brite001	Brito Eude
britj001	Brito Jorge
britj002	Brito Juan
brits001	Brito Socrates
britt001	Brito Tilson
britj103	Britt Jim
britg102	Brittain Gus
britj102	Brittin Jack
britc001	Britton Chris
britd001	Britton Drake
britg101	Britton Gil
britj101	Britton Jim
britz001	Britton Zach
brizt001	Brizzolara Tony
broaj101	Broaca Johnny
broal001	Broadway Lance
broam001	Broadway Mike
brobp101	Broberg Pete
brocd001	Brocail Doug
brocc001	Brock Chris
brocg001	Brock Greg
brocj101	Brock John
brocl102	Brock Lou
broct001	Brock Tarrik
brocl101	Brockett Lew
brocf901	Brocklander Fred
brocj901	Brockway John
brodb001	Broderick Brian
brodm101	Broderick Matt
brods101	Brodie Steve
brodd101	Brodowski Dick
broge101	Broglio Ernie
brogr001	Brogna Rico
brohj101	Brohamer Jack
broht001	Brohawn Troy
bronk101	Brondell Ken
bronj001	Bronkey Jeff
bronh101	Bronkie Herman
bronj101	Bronstad Jim
brooi101	Brookens Ike
broot001	Brookens Tom
brooa001	Brooks Aaron
broob101	Brooks Bobby
broof001	Brooks Frank
brooh001	Brooks Hubie
brooj001	Brooks Jerry
broom101	Brooks Mandy
bross001	Brosius Scott
bross101	Broskie Sig
brosj101	Brosnan Jim
brost001	Bross Terry
brosf101	Brosseau Frank
brotr001	Brothers Rex
brott101	Brottem Tony
brouc101	Broughton Cal
broum001	Brouhard Mark
broub001	Broussard Ben
broua101	Brouthers Art
broud101	Brouthers Dan
brovj101	Brovia Joe
brows002	Brow Scott
browb002	Brower Bob
browf102	Brower Frank
browj003	Brower Jim
browl106	Brower Louis
browa001	Brown Adrian
browa101	Brown Alton
browa002	Brown Andrew
browa003	Brown Andrew
browb104	Brown Bill
browb103	Brown Boardwalk
browb106	Brown Bob
browb105	Brown Bobby
browb001	Brown Bobby
browb003	Brown Brant
browb005	Brown Brooks
browb901	Brown Bud
browb102	Brown Buster
browc101	Brown Charlie
browc002	Brown Chris
browc103	Brown Clint
browc003	Brown Corey
browc104	Brown Curly
browc001	Brown Curt
browc102	Brown Curtis
browd801	Brown Daren
browd001	Brown Darrell
browd002	Brown Dee
browd103	Brown Delos
browd102	Brown Dick
browd004	Brown Domonic
browd901	Brown Doug
browd101	Brown Drummond
browd003	Brown Dusty
browe103	Brown Ed
browe102	Brown Eddie
browe101	Brown Elmer
browe001	Brown Emil
browf101	Brown Fred
browf801	Brown Freeman
browg001	Brown Gary
browg101	Brown Gates
browh101	Brown Hal
browi101	Brown Ike
browj902	Brown J.
browj109	Brown Jackie
browj105	Brown Jake
browj004	Brown Jamie
browj002	Brown Jarvis
browj901	Brown Jeff
browj005	Brown Jeremy
browj106	Brown Jim
browj108	Brown Jim
browj107	Brown Jimmy
browj103	Brown Joe
browj102	Brown Joe
browj101	Brown John
browj104	Brown Jophrey
browj006	Brown Jordan
browj110	Brown Jumbo
browk002	Brown Keith
browk001	Brown Kevin
browk003	Brown Kevin
browk004	Brown Kevin
browl104	Brown Larry
browl103	Brown Leon
browl102	Brown Lew
browl105	Brown Lindsay
browl101	Brown Lloyd
browm103	Brown Mace
browm001	Brown Mark
browm004	Brown Marty
browm006	Brown Matthew
browm003	Brown Mike
browm002	Brown Mike
browm102	Brown Mordecai
browm101	Brown Myrl
brown101	Brown Norm
browo103	Brown Oliver
browo102	Brown Ollie
browo101	Brown Oscar
browp101	Brown Paul
browr102	Brown Randy
browr101	Brown Ray
browu101	Brown Robert
browr001	Brown Roosevelt
brows103	Brown Sam
brows101	Brown Scott
brows001	Brown Steve
brows102	Brown Stub
browt102	Brown Tom
browt101	Brown Tom
browt104	Brown Tom
browt103	Brown Tommy
browt002	Brown Trevor
broww103	Brown Walter
broww101	Brown Willard
broww901	Brown William
broww102	Brown William
browb101	Browne Byron
browe104	Browne Earl
browg102	Browne George
browj001	Browne Jerry
browp103	Browne Pidge
browb004	Browning Barret
browc105	Browning Cal
browf103	Browning Frank
browp102	Browning Pete
browt001	Browning Tom
browm005	Brownson Mark
broxj001	Broxton Jonathan
broxk001	Broxton Keon
brubb101	Brubaker Bill
brubb102	Brubaker Bruce
brucb101	Bruce Bob
brucd901	Bruce David
brucj001	Bruce Jay
brucl101	Bruce Lou
brucf101	Bruckbauer Fred
bruce101	Brucker Earle
bruce102	Brucker Earle
bruca101	Bruckmiller Andy
bruej001	Bruett J.T.
brugf101	Bruggy Frank
bruhm101	Bruhert Mike
brumc001	Brumbaugh Cliff
brumj001	Brumfield Jacob
brumd001	Brumley Duff
brumm101	Brumley Mike
brumm001	Brumley Mike
brumg001	Brummer Glenn
brumg002	Brummett Greg
brumt001	Brummett Tyson
brunt001	Brunansky Tom
brunj101	Bruner Jack
brunr101	Bruner Roy
brung101	Brunet George
brunj001	Brunette Justin
brunb001	Bruney Brian
brunt101	Bruno Tom
brunr901	Bruns Randy
bruna101	Brunsberg Arlo
brunw001	Brunson Will
brune001	Bruntlett Eric
brusb101	Brush Bob
brusj001	Bruske Jim
brusw001	Brusstar Warren
brutb101	Bruton Bill
bruye101	Bruyette Ed
bryab101	Bryan Billy
bryac101	Bryant Clay
bryad102	Bryant Derek
bryad101	Bryant Don
bryag101	Bryant George
bryak001	Bryant Kris
bryar001	Bryant Ralph
bryar101	Bryant Ron
brydt001	Bryden T.R.
bryes101	Brye Steve
brynt101	Brynan Tod
bubej001	Bubela Jaime
bubsh101	Bubser Hal
buchj104	Bucha Johnny
buchb001	Buchanan Bob
buchb002	Buchanan Brian
buchd001	Buchanan David
buchj001	Buchanan Jake
buchj103	Buchanan Jim
buchw901	Buchanan William
buchj102	Buchek Jerry
buchj101	Bucher Jim
buchc001	Buchholz Clay
bucht001	Buchholz Taylor
buchr001	Buchter Ryan
buckj001	Buck John
buckt001	Buck Travis
buckw901	Buck William
buckg001	Buckels Gary
bucka801	Buckenberger Al
buckg101	Buckeye Garland
bucke101	Buckingham Fred
buckj102	Buckles Jess
buckd101	Buckley Dick
buckj101	Buckley John
buckk001	Buckley Kevin
bucks901	Buckminster Seth
buckb001	Buckner Bill
buckb002	Buckner Billy
buckc901	Bucknor CB
budam101	Budaska Mark
buddu101	Budd Jay
buddr001	Budde Ryan
buddm001	Buddie Mike
buddd101	Buddin Don
budnm101	Budnick Mike
budzm001	Budzinski Mark
buecs001	Buechele Steve
buehm001	Buehrle Mark
buelc101	Buelow Charlie
buelf101	Buelow Fritz
buenf001	Bueno Francisley
buenj001	Buente Jay
buesa101	Bues Art
buffc101	Buffinton Charlie
bufod001	Buford Damon
bufod101	Buford Don
buhlb101	Buhl Bob
buhnj001	Buhner Jay
buicd001	Buice DeWayne
bukec101	Buker Cy
bukeh101	Buker Henry
bukvr001	Bukvich Ryan
bulgj001	Bulger Jason
bullg101	Bullard George
bulls101	Bullas Sim
bulls001	Bullett Scott
bullb101	Bulling Bud
bullj001	Bullinger Jim
bullk001	Bullinger Kirk
bullb001	Bullington Bryan
bulle001	Bullock Eric
bullr101	Bullock Red
bullc901	Bullymore Charles
bumba001	Bumbry Al
bumgm001	Bumgarner Madison
bumpn001	Bump Nate
buncf901	Bunce Fred
bunch901	Bunce H.C.
buncj101	Bunce Josh
buncm001	Bunch Melvin
bundd001	Bundy Dylan
bundl801	Bundy Lorenzo
bunkw101	Bunker Wally
bunnj101	Bunning Jim
burad001	Burawa Danny
burbd001	Burba Dave
burbb101	Burbach Bill
burbn101	Burbrink Nelson
burca101	Burch Al
burce101	Burch Ernie
burcl101	Burchart Larry
burcf101	Burchell Fred
burdb102	Burda Bob
burdf101	Burdette Freddie
burdl101	Burdette Lew
burdb101	Burdick Bill
burdj101	Burdock Jack
burgp101	Burg Joe
burgs101	Burgess Smoky
burgt101	Burgess Tom
burgt001	Burgmeier Tom
burgb101	Burgo Bill
burga001	Burgos Ambiorix
burge001	Burgos Enrique
burge002	Burgos Enrique
burgh001	Burgos Hiram
burib101	Burich Bill
burkm101	Burk Mack
burks101	Burk Sandy
burkc101	Burkam Chauncey
burke102	Burkart Elmer
burkb101	Burke Billy
burkb102	Burke Bobby
burkc001	Burke Chris
burkd101	Burke Dan
burke101	Burke Eddie
burkf101	Burke Frank
burkg101	Burke Glenn
burkg001	Burke Greg
burkj105	Burke James
burkj003	Burke Jamie
burkj104	Burke Jimmy
burkj102	Burke Joe
burkj103	Burke John
burkj002	Burke John
burkl102	Burke Leo
burkl101	Burke Les
burkm102	Burke Mike
burkp101	Burke Pat
burks102	Burke Steve
burkt001	Burke Tim
burkw101	Burke William
burkj101	Burkett Jesse
burkj001	Burkett John
burkk101	Burkhart Ken
burkm001	Burkhart Morgan
burke001	Burks Ellis
burlr001	Burleson Rick
burlf901	Burlingame Frank
burna001	Burnett A.J.
burna002	Burnett Alex
burnh101	Burnett Hercules
burnj108	Burnett Johnny
burns001	Burnett Sean
burnw101	Burnette Wally
burnw801	Burnham Watch
burnj001	Burnitz Jeromy
burnb101	Burns Bill
burnb002	Burns Billy
burnb001	Burns Britt
burnc101	Burns C.B.
burnc001	Burns Cory
burnd101	Burns Dennis
burnd102	Burns Dick
burne101	Burns Ed
burnf101	Burns Farmer
burng101	Burns George
burng102	Burns George
burnj104	Burns Jack
burnj105	Burns Jack
burnj106	Burns Jim
burnj102	Burns Joe
burnj101	Burns Joe
burnj901	Burns John
burnp101	Burns John
burnj103	Burns Joseph
burnm001	Burns Mike
burno101	Burns Oyster
burnt001	Burns Todd
burnt101	Burns Tom
burnp102	Burnside Pete
burns101	Burnside Sheldon
burpg101	Burpo George
burra102	Burr Tom
burrb101	Burrell Buster
burrh102	Burrell Harry
burrp001	Burrell Pat
burrb001	Burres Brian
burrl101	Burright Larry
burra101	Burris Al
burrp101	Burris Paul
burrr001	Burris Ray
burre001	Burriss Emmanuel
burrh101	Burroughs Henry
burrj001	Burroughs Jeff
burrs001	Burroughs Sean
burrj101	Burrows John
burrt001	Burrows Terry
burrd101	Burrus Dick
burtf101	Burt Frank
burtl901	Burtis Warren
burte101	Burton Ellis
burtj001	Burton Jared
burtj101	Burton Jim
burtm101	Burtschy Moe
burtd001	Burtt Dennis
burwb101	Burwell Bill
burwd101	Burwell Dick
busbj101	Busby Jim
busbm001	Busby Mike
busbp101	Busby Paul
busbs101	Busby Steve
busce101	Busch Ed
buscm001	Busch Mike
buscb001	Buscher Brian
buscd101	Buschhorn Don
busha901	Bush Archie
bushj102	Bush Bullet Joe
bushd801	Bush Darren
bushd001	Bush David
bushd102	Bush Donie
bushg901	Bush Garnet
bushg101	Bush Guy
bushh001	Bush Homer
bushr001	Bush Randy
bushj101	Bushelman Jack
bushf101	Bushey Frank
bushc001	Bushing Chris
bushd101	Bushong Doc
buskj101	Buskey Joe
buskm101	Buskey Mike
buskt101	Buskey Tom
bussn001	Buss Nick
bussr101	Busse Ray
butch101	Butcher Hank
butcj001	Butcher John
butcm101	Butcher Max
butcm001	Butcher Mike
buted001	Butera Drew
butes001	Butera Sal
butke101	Butka Ed
butlb103	Butland Bill
butla001	Butler Adam
butla101	Butler Art
butlb102	Butler Bill
butlb101	Butler Bill
butlb003	Butler Billy
butlb002	Butler Brent
butlb001	Butler Brett
butlc102	Butler Cecil
butlc101	Butler Charlie
butld001	Butler Dan
butld101	Butler Dick
butle001	Butler Eddie
butlf101	Butler Frank
butli101	Butler Ike
butlj002	Butler Joey
butlj102	Butler John
butlj101	Butler Johnny
butlj001	Butler Josh
butlk001	Butler Keith
butlk101	Butler Kid
butlk102	Butler Kid
butlc901	Butler Nathan
butlo801	Butler Ormond
butlr002	Butler Rich
butlr001	Butler Rob
buttb801	Butterfield Brian
buttt101	Butters Tom
buttf101	Buttery Frank
buxtb001	Buxton Byron
buxtr101	Buxton Ralph
buzaj101	Buzas Joe
buzhj101	Buzhardt John
byerb103	Byerly Bud
byerb101	Byers Bill
byerr001	Byers Randy
bynuf001	Bynum Freddie
bynum001	Bynum Mike
byrdh101	Byrd Harry
byrdj101	Byrd Jeff
byrdj001	Byrd Jim
byrdm001	Byrd Marlon
byrdp001	Byrd Paul
byrds101	Byrd Samuel
byrdt001	Byrdak Tim
byrnb101	Byrne Bobby
byrnc801	Byrne Charlie
byrnj102	Byrne Jerry
byrnj902	Byrne Jon
byrnt101	Byrne Tommy
burnu901	Byrne Walter
byrne001	Byrnes Eric
byrnj101	Byrnes Jim
byrnm101	Byrnes Milt
byrol901	Byron Lord
bystm001	Bystrom Marty
cabap101	Caballero Putsy
cabee001	Cabell Enos
cabrc001	Cabral Cesar
cabra101	Cabrera Al
cabra003	Cabrera Alberto
cabra001	Cabrera Alex
cabra002	Cabrera Asdrubal
cabrd001	Cabrera Daniel
cabre002	Cabrera Edwar
cabre001	Cabrera Everth
cabrf002	Cabrera Fernando
cabrf001	Cabrera Francisco
cabrj002	Cabrera Jolbert
cabrj001	Cabrera Jose
cabrm002	Cabrera Melky
cabrm001	Cabrera Miguel
cabro001	Cabrera Orlando
cabrr001	Cabrera Ramon
cacec101	Cacek Craig
cacee001	Caceres Edgar
cadac801	Cadahia Chino
cadag001	Cadaret Greg
cadol101	Cadore Leon
cadyc101	Cady Charlie
cadyh101	Cady Hick
cafet101	Cafego Tom
caffj101	Caffie Joe
caffb101	Caffyn Ben
cagew101	Cage Wayne
cahij101	Cahill John
cahit101	Cahill Tom
cahit001	Cahill Trevor
cainb101	Cain Bob
cainl101	Cain Les
cainl001	Cain Lorenzo
cainm001	Cain Matt
cains101	Cain Sugar
cairc001	Cairncross Cameron
cairm001	Cairo Miguel
caitg101	Caithamer George
caldi001	Calderon Ivan
calds101	Calderone Sam
caldb101	Caldwell Bruce
caldc101	Caldwell Charlie
calde101	Caldwell Earl
caldm001	Caldwell Mike
caldr102	Caldwell Ralph
caldr101	Caldwell Ray
calek001	Calero Kiko
calhb101	Calhoun Bill
calhj101	Calhoun Jack
calhj001	Calhoun Jeff
calhk001	Calhoun Kole
calic001	Cali Carmen
calif101	Caligiuri Fred
caliw101	Calihan Will
calio001	Calixte Orlando
callm101	Callaghan Marty
callp101	Callaghan Pat
callb101	Callahan Ben
calld101	Callahan Dave
calle101	Callahan Ed
callj104	Callahan Jim
calln101	Callahan Jimmy
callj102	Callahan Joe
callj103	Callahan John
calll101	Callahan Leo
callr101	Callahan Ray
callw101	Callahan Wese
calla001	Callaspo Alberto
callf101	Callaway Frank
callm001	Callaway Mickey
callj101	Callison Johnny
callr001	Calloway Ron
calmd101	Calmus Dick
calvm001	Calvert Mark
calvp101	Calvert Paul
calvj101	Calvo Jack
calzn001	Calzado Napoleon
camae001	Camacho Ernie
camaj801	Camacho Joe
cambf101	Cambria Fred
cameh101	Camelli Hank
camej101	Cameron Jack
camek001	Cameron Kevin
camem001	Cameron Mike
camid102	Camilli Dolph
camid101	Camilli Doug
camil101	Camilli Lou
camia001	Caminero Arquimedes
camik001	Caminiti Ken
camme001	Cammack Eric
camnh102	Camnitz Harry
camnh101	Camnitz Howie
camph102	Camp Howie
campk101	Camp Kid
campl101	Camp Lew
campr001	Camp Rick
camps002	Camp Shawn
campf901	Campagna Frank
campt001	Campana Tony
campr102	Campanella Roy
campb101	Campaneris Bert
campa101	Campanis Al
campj105	Campanis Jim
campc101	Campau Count
campa102	Campbell Archie
campb901	Campbell Bick
campb001	Campbell Bill
campb103	Campbell Billy
campb902	Campbell Bob
campb002	Campbell Brett
campb102	Campbell Bruce
campd901	Campbell Dan
campd101	Campbell Dave
campd102	Campbell Dave
campe001	Campbell Eric
campg101	Campbell Gilly
camph101	Campbell Hugh
campj104	Campbell Jim
campj103	Campbell Jim
campj001	Campbell Jim
campj101	Campbell Joe
campj102	Campbell John
campk001	Campbell Kevin
campm102	Campbell Marc
campm101	Campbell Michael
campm001	Campbell Mike
campp101	Campbell Paul
campr101	Campbell Ron
camps101	Campbell Sam
camps104	Campbell Soup
campv101	Campbell Vin
campc102	Camper Cardell
camps103	Campfield Sal
campj002	Campillo Jorge
camps102	Campisi Sal
campa902	Campos Angel
campf101	Campos Frank
campl001	Campos Leonel
camps001	Campusano Sil
canag001	Canale George
canaw001	Canate Willie
canah101	Canavan Hugh
canaj101	Canavan Jim
cancr001	Cancel Robinson
candc001	Candaele Casey
candj001	Candelaria John
candm101	Candini Milo
candt001	Candiotti Tom
canej101	Caneira John
cangj001	Cangelosi John
canhm001	Canha Mark
canib001	Canizares Barbaro
canij001	Canizaro Jay
cannr101	Cannell Rip
canna001	Cannizaro Andy
cannc101	Cannizzaro Chris
cannj101	Cannon Joe
canoj001	Cano Jose
canor001	Cano Robinson
cansj001	Canseco Jose
canso001	Canseco Ozzie
cantj801	Cantillon Joe
cantg101	Cantrell Guy
cantj001	Cantu Jorge
cantb102	Cantwell Ben
cantm101	Cantwell Mike
cantt101	Cantwell Tom
cantb101	Cantz Bart
canzr001	Canzler Russ
capem001	Capel Mike
capej001	Capellan Jose
capid101	Capilla Doug
cappc001	Capps Carter
cappm001	Capps Matt
cappg101	Cappuzzello George
caprb101	Capra Buzz
caprn001	Capra Nick
caprp101	Capri Pat
caprr101	Capron Ralph
capuc001	Capuano Chris
carar001	Caraballo Ramon
caraj901	Caraco Joe
carav901	Carapazza Vic
carap101	Caraway Pat
carbj101	Carbine John
carbb101	Carbo Bernie
cardj102	Carden John
cardj101	Cardenal Jose
carda001	Cardenas Adrian
cardl101	Cardenas Leo
cardc101	Cardinal Conrad
cardj001	Cardona Javier
cardb101	Cardoni Ben
cardd101	Cardwell Don
carer001	Carew Rod
carea101	Carey Andy
carem101	Carey Max
carep801	Carey P.J.
carep001	Carey Paul
carer101	Carey Roger
cares101	Carey Scoops
caret101	Carey Tom
caret102	Carey Tom
caffu101	Carfrey Ed
cargb101	Cargo Bobby
carie001	Caridad Esmailin
caria001	Carignan Andrew
carif101	Carisch Fred
carlf101	Carl Fred
carll102	Carl Lew
carlj102	Carleton Jim
carlt101	Carleton Tex
carlb901	Carlin Billy
carlj101	Carlin Jim
carll001	Carlin Luke
carlw101	Carlisle Walter
carlc102	Carlos Cisco
carld101	Carlsen Don
carld001	Carlson Dan
carlh101	Carlson Hal
carlj001	Carlson Jesse
carll101	Carlson Leon
carlm901	Carlson Mark
carls101	Carlstrom Swede
carls001	Carlton Steve
carld801	Carlucci Dave
carlb001	Carlyle Buddy
carlc101	Carlyle Cleo
carlr101	Carlyle Roy
carmd001	Carman Don
carmg101	Carman George
carmd101	Carmel Duke
carmc101	Carmichael Chet
carmf001	Carmona Fausto
carmr001	Carmona Rafael
carne101	Carnett Eddie
carnd801	Carnevale Danny
carnb101	Carney Bill
carnj101	Carney John
carnp101	Carney Pat
carnr901	Carney Red
carpm001	Carp Mike
carpa001	Carpenter Andrew
carpb901	Carpenter Bill
carpb101	Carpenter Bob
carpb001	Carpenter Bubba
carpc002	Carpenter Chris
carpc003	Carpenter Chris
carpc001	Carpenter Cris
carpd001	Carpenter David
carpd002	Carpenter David
carph101	Carpenter Hick
carpj901	Carpenter John
carpl101	Carpenter Lew
carpm002	Carpenter Matt
carpp101	Carpenter Paul
carpf101	Carpin Frank
carrc106	Carr Charlie
carrc001	Carr Chuck
carrl101	Carr Lew
carrg001	Carrara Giovanni
carrc003	Carrasco Carlos
carrd001	Carrasco D.J.
carrh001	Carrasco Hector
carra101	Carrasquel Alex
carrc105	Carrasquel Chico
carra001	Carreno Amalio
carrj002	Carreno Joel
carrc104	Carreon Cam
carrm001	Carreon Mark
carre001	Carrera Ezequiel
carrb102	Carrick Bill
carrb101	Carrigan Bill
carrh901	Carrigan Sam
carrc002	Carrillo Cesar
carrm002	Carrillo Matias
carrl801	Carrion Leonel
carrd104	Carrithers Don
carrc101	Carroll 
carrb001	Carroll Brett
carrc103	Carroll Clay
carrc102	Carroll Cliff
carrd101	Carroll Dick
carrd103	Carroll Dixie
carrd102	Carroll Doc
carre101	Carroll Ed
carrf101	Carroll Fred
carrj001	Carroll Jamey
carro101	Carroll Ownie
carrp101	Carroll Pat
carrs001	Carroll Scott
carrs101	Carroll Scrappy
carrt102	Carroll Tom
carrt101	Carroll Tom
carsk102	Carsey Kid
carsa101	Carson Al
carsk101	Carson Kit
carsm001	Carson Matt
carsr001	Carson Robert
carsf101	Carswell Frank
carta001	Carter Andy
carta101	Carter Arnold
cartb101	Carter Blackie
cartc001	Carter Chris
cartc002	Carter Chris
cartd801	Carter Dick
cartg001	Carter Gary
carth101	Carter Howie
cartj002	Carter Jeff
cartj001	Carter Joe
cartl002	Carter Lance
cartl001	Carter Larry
cartn101	Carter Nick
cartp101	Carter Paul
carts101	Carter Sol
carts001	Carter Steve
carte101	Cartwright Ed
cartr101	Carty Rico
carum001	Caruso Mike
carub101	Caruthers Bob
carvm001	Carvajal Marcos
caryc001	Cary Chuck
carys101	Cary Scott
casaj101	Casale Jerry
casac001	Casali Curt
casap101	Casanova Paul
casar001	Casanova Raul
cascj101	Cascarella Joe
casec101	Case Charlie
caseg101	Case George
caseb102	Casey Bob
cased103	Casey Dan
cased102	Casey Dennis
cased101	Casey Doc
caseh101	Casey Hugh
casej101	Casey Joe
cases001	Casey Sean
caseb101	Casey Tommy
cashd101	Cash Dave
cashk001	Cash Kevin
cashn101	Cash Norm
cashr101	Cash Ron
cashc101	Cashion Carl
casha001	Cashner Andrew
casil001	Casian Larry
casia001	Casilla Alexi
garcj002	Casilla Santiago
casic001	Casimiro Carlos
caskc101	Caskey Craig
caske101	Caskin Ed
cassh101	Cassady Harry
cassj001	Cassel Jack
cassb001	Cassevah Bobby
casse101	Cassian Ed
cassj102	Cassiday Joe
cassj103	Cassidy John
cassp101	Cassidy Pete
casss001	Cassidy Scott
cassj101	Cassini Jack
castp001	Castellano Pedro
casta003	Castellanos Alex
castn001	Castellanos Nick
castg101	Caster George
castj102	Castiglia Jim
castp102	Castiglione Pete
castv001	Castilla Vinny
casta001	Castillo Alberto
casta002	Castillo Alberto
castr001	Castillo Bobby
castb001	Castillo Braulio
castc002	Castillo Carlos
castc001	Castillo Carmelo
castf001	Castillo Frank
castj005	Castillo Jose
castj002	Castillo Juan
castj003	Castillo Juan
castl002	Castillo Lendy
castl001	Castillo Luis
castm101	Castillo Manny
castm001	Castillo Marty
castr004	Castillo Rusney
castt101	Castillo Tony
castt001	Castillo Tony
castw002	Castillo Welington
castw001	Castillo Wilkin
castj001	Castino John
castv101	Castino Vince
castd101	Castle Don
castj101	Castle John
castf101	Castleman Foster
casts101	Castleman Slick
castr101	Castleton Roy
castp101	Castner Paul
castk001	Casto Kory
casta004	Castro Angel
castb002	Castro Bernie
castb101	Castro Bill
castd001	Castro Daniel
castf002	Castro Fabio
castj006	Castro Jason
castj801	Castro Jose
castj004	Castro Juan
castl101	Castro Lou
castm002	Castro Miguel
castr002	Castro Ramon
castr003	Castro Ramon
casts002	Castro Simon
casts001	Castro Starlin
cataf001	Catalanotto Frank
catet001	Cate Troy
cated101	Cater Danny
catee101	Cates Eli
cathm001	Cather Mike
catht101	Cather Ted
cathh101	Cathey Hardin
catok001	Cato Keefe
catoh101	Caton Howdy
cattj101	Cattanach John
cattt101	Catterson Tom
caudb001	Caudill Bill
caulj101	Caulfield Jake
causk901	Causey Kevin
causr101	Causey Red
causw101	Causey Wayne
cavah901	Cavanaugh Harry
kavau101	Cavanaugh James
cavaj101	Cavanaugh John
cavap101	Cavarretta Phil
cavaa001	Cavazos Andy
caved901	Cavenaugh Dick
cavei101	Caveney Ike
cavep101	Cavet Pug
caylo801	Caylor Ollie
cecca101	Ceccarelli Art
ceccg001	Cecchini Garin
cecej001	Cecena Jose
cecib001	Cecil Brett
cecir101	Cecil Rex
cecid001	Ceciliani Darrell
cedaj001	Ceda Jose
cedea001	Cedeno Andujar
cedec001	Cedeno Cesar
ceded001	Cedeno Domingo
ceder001	Cedeno Roger
ceder002	Cedeno Ronny
cedex001	Cedeno Xavier
cedeg901	Cederstrom Gary
centj001	Centeno Juan
centp101	Center Pete
cepeo101	Cepeda Orlando
cepim001	Cepicky Matthew
cerdj001	Cerda Jaime
cerme101	Cermak Ed
ceror001	Cerone Rick
cerrj001	Cerros Juan
ceruj001	Cerutti John
cervb101	Cerv Bob
cervf001	Cervelli Francisco
cervm001	Cervenak Mike
cespy001	Cespedes Yoenis
cey-r001	Cey Ron
chacg001	Chacin Gustavo
chacj001	Chacin Jhoulys
chace101	Chacon Elio
chacs001	Chacon Shawn
chadc101	Chadbourne Chet
chadr001	Chadwick Ray
chafa001	Chafin Andrew
chagl101	Chagnon Leon
chakb101	Chakales Bob
chald101	Chalk Dave
chalg101	Chalmers George
chamb103	Chamberlain Bill
chamc101	Chamberlain Craig
chame101	Chamberlain Ice Box
chamj002	Chamberlain Joba
chamj102	Chamberlain Joe
chamw001	Chamberlain Wes
chama002	Chambers Adron
chama001	Chambers Al
chamb102	Chambers Bill
chamc102	Chambers Cliff
chamj101	Chambers Johnnie
chamr101	Chambers Rome
chamj001	Chamblee Jim
chamc001	Chambliss Chris
chamb101	Champion Bill
chamm101	Champion Mike
chanb101	Chance Bob
chand102	Chance Dean
chanf101	Chance Frank
chane102	Chandler Ed
chanm901	Chandler Moses
chans101	Chandler Spud
chand101	Chaney Darrel
chane101	Chaney Esty
chanl101	Channell Les
chanc101	Chant Charlie
chapd001	Chapin Darrin
chape102	Chaplin Ed
chapt101	Chaplin Tiny
chapa001	Chapman Aroldis
chapb102	Chapman Ben
chapc101	Chapman Calvin
chape101	Chapman Ed
chapf101	Chapman Frank
chapf102	Chapman Fred
chapg101	Chapman Glenn
chaph102	Chapman Harry
chapj102	Chapman Jack
chapj001	Chapman Jaye
chapj101	Chapman John
chapk001	Chapman Kelvin
chapk002	Chapman Kevin
chapr101	Chapman Ray
chaps101	Chapman Sam
chapt001	Chapman Travis
chaph101	Chappas Harry
chapl101	Chappell Larry
chapb101	Chappelle Bill
charj101	Charboneau Joe
charc101	Charles Chappy
chare101	Charles Ed
charf001	Charles Frank
charn001	Charlton Norm
charm101	Chartak Mike
charp101	Charton Pete
chash101	Chase Hal
chask101	Chase Ken
chatb101	Chatham Buster
chatj101	Chatterton Jim
chatt001	Chatwood Tyler
chavo101	Chavarria Ossie
chavr801	Chaves Rafael
chava002	Chavez Angel
chava001	Chavez Anthony
chave002	Chavez Endy
chave001	Chavez Eric
chavj001	Chavez Jesse
chavn101	Chavez Nestor
chavr001	Chavez Raul
chead101	Cheadle Dave
checc101	Chech Charlie
checr001	Checo Robinson
cheeh101	Cheek Harry
cheev101	Cheeves Virgil
cheli101	Chelini Italo
chenb001	Chen Bruce
chenc001	Chen Chin-Feng
chenw001	Chen Wei-Yin
chenl101	Cheney Larry
chent101	Cheney Tom
chepj901	Cheppu John
cherr001	Cherry Rocky
cherp101	Chervinko Paul
chesj101	Chesbro Jack
chesb101	Chesnes Bob
chetm101	Chetkovich Mitch
chevt101	Chevez Tony
chias001	Chiamparino Scott
chias002	Chiasson Scott
chict001	Chick Travis
chicm001	Chico Matt
chiff001	Chiffer Floyd
chilh101	Child Harry
chilb101	Childers Bill
chilj001	Childers Jason
chilm001	Childers Matt
chilr001	Childress Rocky
chilc101	Childs Cupid
chilp102	Childs Pete
chilu101	Childs Sam
chilp101	Chiles Pearce
chilr101	Chiles Rich
chilo901	Chill Ollie
chiod101	Chiozza Dino
chiol101	Chiozza Lou
chipb101	Chipman Bob
chiph901	Chipman Harry
chipw101	Chipple Walt
chirr001	Chirinos Robinson
chisl001	Chisenhall Lonnie
chist101	Chism Tom
chitd801	Chiti Dom
chith101	Chiti Harry
chits001	Chitren Steve
chitn101	Chittum Nelson
chlub101	Chlupsa Bob
cho-j001	Cho Jin Ho
choad101	Choate Don
choar001	Choate Randy
choih001	Choi Hee-Seop
choim001	Choice Michael
choos001	Choo Shin-Soo
choub001	Chouinard Bobby
chouf101	Chouinard Felix
chouc101	Chouneau Chief
chozh101	Chozen Harry
chrim101	Chris Mike
chrin101	Chrisley Neil
crisr901	Christal Randy
chril103	Christenbury Lloyd
chrib102	Christensen Bruce
chric101	Christensen Cuckoo
chrij001	Christensen John
chrim002	Christensen McKay
chrig101	Christenson Gary
chril101	Christenson Larry
chrir001	Christenson Ryan
chrib101	Christian Bob
chrij003	Christian Justin
chrin001	Christiani Nick
chric001	Christiansen Clay
chrij002	Christiansen Jason
chrim102	Christman Mark
chrit001	Christman Tim
chris001	Christmas Steve
chrij101	Christopher Joe
chril102	Christopher Loyd
chrim001	Christopher Mike
chrir101	Christopher Russ
chulv001	Chulk Vinnie
churb101	Church Bubba
churh101	Church Hi
churl101	Church Len
churr001	Church Ryan
churc101	Churn Chuck
churj101	Churry John
chyln901	Chylak Nestor
ciafl101	Ciaffone Larry
ciana001	Cianfrocco Archi
ciarm001	Ciardi Mark
ciasd101	Cias Darryl
cicej101	Cicero Joe
cicoa101	Cicotte Al
cicoe101	Cicotte Eddie
ciest101	Cieslak Ted
cihoa101	Cihocki Al
cihoe101	Cihocki Ed
cimip101	Cimino Pete
cimog101	Cimoli Gino
cimof001	Cimorelli Frank
cingt001	Cingrani Tony
cinta001	Cintron Alex
cioll101	Ciola Lou
ciprf101	Cipriani Frank
cirip001	Ciriaco Pedro
cirij001	Cirillo Jeff
cisag101	Cisar George
ciscg101	Cisco Galen
cishs001	Cishek Steve
cisnj001	Cisnero Jose
cissb101	Cissell Bill
citar001	Citarella Ralph
clabm101	Clabaugh Moose
clacb101	Clack Bobby
claga001	Claggett Anthony
claip001	Claiborne Preston
claid101	Claire Davey
clana101	Clancy Al
clanb102	Clancy Bill
clanb101	Clancy Bud
clanj001	Clancy Jim
clanu101	Clanton Uke
clapc001	Clapinski Chris
clapa101	Clapp Aaron
clapj101	Clapp John
claps001	Clapp Stubby
clard106	Clare Denny
clard105	Clarey Doug
clara901	Clark Al
clara102	Clark Allie
clarb106	Clark Bob
clarb105	Clark Bob
clarb002	Clark Bobby
clarb003	Clark Brady
clarb001	Clark Bryan
clarc101	Clark Cap
clarc001	Clark Cody
clard104	Clark Dad
clard101	Clark Danny
clard001	Clark Dave
clard002	Clark Doug
clare103	Clark Earl
clare101	Clark Ed
clarg101	Clark George
clarg103	Clark Ginger
clarg104	Clark Glen
clarh001	Clark Howie
clarj001	Clark Jack
clarj002	Clark Jerald
clarj003	Clark Jermaine
clarj101	Clark Jim
clarj105	Clark Jim
clarj104	Clark Jim
clarm002	Clark Mark
clarm003	Clark Matt
clarm102	Clark Mel
clarm101	Clark Mike
claro101	Clark Otey
clarp102	Clark Pep
clarp101	Clark Phil
clarp001	Clark Phil
clarr104	Clark Rickey
clarr103	Clark Ron
clarr102	Clark Roy
clars103	Clark Spider
clart001	Clark Terry
clart002	Clark Tony
clarw101	Clark Watty
clarw001	Clark Will
clarw104	Clark Willie
clarb104	Clark Win
clarz001	Clark Zach
clara101	Clarke Artie
clarb901	Clarke Bob
clarb103	Clarke Boileryard
clard103	Clarke Dad
clard003	Clarke Darren
clarf101	Clarke Fred
clarg102	Clarke Grey
clarh103	Clarke Harry
clarh102	Clarke Henry
clarh101	Clarke Horace
clarj103	Clarke Josh
clarl101	Clarke Lefty
clarn101	Clarke Nig
clarr101	Clarke Rufe
clars001	Clarke Stan
clars101	Clarke Stu
clars102	Clarke Sumpter
clart101	Clarke Tommy
clarw103	Clarke Webbo
clarb102	Clarkson Bill
clarb101	Clarkson Buzz
clard102	Clarkson Dad
clarj102	Clarkson John
clarw102	Clarkson Walter
clare102	Clary Ellis
clarm001	Clary Marty
clasg101	Claset Gowell
claua001	Claudio Alex
clauf101	Clausen Fritz
claua101	Clauss Al
claub001	Claussen Brandon
clayb101	Clay Bill
clayd101	Clay Dain
clayd001	Clay Danny
clayk101	Clay Ken
clayr001	Clayton Royce
cleab801	Clear Bob
cleam001	Clear Mark
cleaj101	Cleary Joe
clegd901	Clegg Dick
clemb102	Clemens Bob
clemc102	Clemens Chet
clemc101	Clemens Clem
clemd101	Clemens Doug
clemp002	Clemens Paul
clemr001	Clemens Roger
clemb101	Clemensen Bill
clemb901	Clement Curly
cleme101	Clement Fred
clemj001	Clement Jeff
clemm001	Clement Matt
clemw101	Clement Wally
cleme001	Clemente Edgard
clemr101	Clemente Roberto
clemj101	Clements Jack
clemp001	Clements Pat
clemc001	Clemons Chris
cleml101	Clemons Lance
clemv101	Clemons Verne
clend101	Clendenon Donn
cletm001	Cleto Maikel
cleve101	Cleveland Elmer
clevr101	Cleveland Reggie
clevs001	Clevenger Steve
clevt101	Clevenger Tex
clevb001	Clevlen Brent
clibs101	Cliburn Stan
clibs001	Cliburn Stew
clifh101	Clift Harlond
cliff101	Clifton Flea
clinm101	Cline Monk
clint101	Cline Ty
cling101	Clines Gene
clinb101	Clingman Billy
clinj101	Clinton Jim
clinl101	Clinton Lou
clipt001	Clippard Tyler
clont101	Cloninger Tony
clonb001	Clontz Brad
closj001	Closser JD
closa101	Closter Al
clouk001	Cloude Ken
cloue101	Clough Ed
clowb101	Clowers Bill
cloyt001	Cloyd Tyler
clucb801	Cluck Bob
clutb001	Clutterbuck Bryan
clybd001	Clyburn Danny
clydd101	Clyde David
clydt101	Clyde Tom
clymb101	Clymer Bill
clymo101	Clymer Otis
coacp001	Coachman Pete
coaka101	Coakley Andy
coang101	Coan Gil
coatj101	Coates Jim
coatb001	Coats Buck
cobba001	Cobb Alex
cobbg101	Cobb George
cobbh101	Cobb Herb
cobbj101	Cobb Joe
cobbt101	Cobb Ty
cobld101	Coble Dave
cobld901	Coble Drew
cocaj001	Cocanower Jaime
cochg101	Cochran George
cochg102	Cochran Goat
cochd001	Cochrane Dave
cochm101	Cochrane Mickey
cockg901	Cockill George
cockj101	Cockman Jim
cocka001	Cockrell Alan
cocop001	Coco Pasqual
cocrg101	Cocreham Gene
codic001	Codiroli Chris
coelr001	Coello Robert
coffj101	Coffey Jack
cofft001	Coffey Todd
coffi001	Coffie Ivanon
coffd101	Coffman Dick
coffk001	Coffman Kevin
coffs101	Coffman Slick
cogad101	Cogan Dick
cogat001	Cogan Tony
coggd001	Coggin Dave
coggf101	Coggins Frank
coggr101	Coggins Rich
coghc001	Coghlan Chris
cogse101	Cogswell Ed
cohea901	Cohen Al
cohea102	Cohen Alta
cohea101	Cohen Andy
coheh101	Cohen Hy
cohes101	Cohen Syd
cokep001	Coke Phil
cokej101	Coker Jimmie
colac001	Colabello Chris
colam001	Colangelo Mike
colar101	Colavito Rocky
colbm101	Colbern Mike
colbc001	Colbert Craig
colbn101	Colbert Nate
colbv101	Colbert Vince
colbj101	Colborn Jim
colbg001	Colbrunn Greg
colbu901	Colby 
colct101	Colcolough Tom
colea002	Cole A.J.
colea001	Cole Alex
coleb101	Cole Bert
coled103	Cole Dave
coled101	Cole Dick
colee101	Cole Ed
coleg001	Cole Gerrit
colek101	Cole King
coles001	Cole Stu
colev002	Cole Victor
colew101	Cole Willis
coleb102	Coleman Bob
colec001	Coleman Casey
colec105	Coleman Choo Choo
colec101	Coleman Curt
coled102	Coleman Dave
coled002	Coleman Dusty
colee102	Coleman Ed
coleg101	Coleman Gordy
colej106	Coleman Jerry
colej101	Coleman Joe
colej102	Coleman Joe
colej103	Coleman John
colej105	Coleman John
colel001	Coleman Louis
colem001	Coleman Michael
colep101	Coleman Percy
coler102	Coleman Ray
coler101	Coleman Rip
colev001	Coleman Vince
colej104	Coleman Walter
colec104	Coles Cad
colec103	Coles Chuck
coled001	Coles Darnell
colec102	Coletta Chris
colge101	Colgan Ed
colgh901	Colgan Harry
colia001	Colina Alvin
colla101	Collamore Allan
collh104	Collard Hap
collw001	Collazo Willie
colll001	Collier Lou
collo102	Collier Orlin
collh101	Colliflower Harry
collu101	Collins 
collb102	Collins Bill
collb101	Collins Bill
collr102	Collins Bob
collc101	Collins Chub
colld102	Collins Dan
colld001	Collins Dave
colld101	Collins Don
colle101	Collins Eddie
colle102	Collins Eddie
collh103	Collins Hub
collj103	Collins Jimmy
collj101	Collins Joe
collk101	Collins Kevin
collo101	Collins Orth
collp101	Collins Pat
collp102	Collins Phil
collr103	Collins Ray
collr104	Collins Rip
collr101	Collins Ripper
colls101	Collins Shano
collt801	Collins Terry
collt001	Collins Tim
collt002	Collins Tyler
collw101	Collins Wilson
collz101	Collins Zip
collj001	Collmenter Josh
collj102	Collum Jackie
collb103	Collver Bill
colmf101	Colman Frank
coloa001	Colome Alex
coloj001	Colome Jesus
colob001	Colon Bartolo
coloc002	Colon Christian
coloc001	Colon Cris
colod901	Colon Delfin
color001	Colon Roman
colon901	Colosi Nick
colpd101	Colpaert Dick
colsl101	Colson Loyd
coltl101	Colton Larry
colub101	Coluccio Bob
colvt001	Colvin Tyler
colys001	Colyer Steve
combg101	Combe Geoff
combe101	Combs Earle
combm101	Combs Merl
combp001	Combs Pat
comej101	Comellas Jorge
comes001	Comer Steve
comew101	Comer Wayne
comic101	Comiskey Charlie
commj101	Command Jim
comoa101	Comorosky Adam
compc101	Compton Clint
compc901	Compton Craig
compj101	Compton Jack
compm101	Compton Mike
compp101	Compton Pete
comsk001	Comstock Keith
comsr101	Comstock Ralph
conau901	Conahan Ed
conac101	Conatser Clint
concd001	Concepcion Dave
conco001	Concepcion Onix
condr101	Conde Ramon
condc001	Condrey Clay
coneb101	Cone Bob
coned001	Cone David
conef101	Cone Fred
confm001	Conforto Michael
congb101	Congalton Bunk
congd101	Conger Dick
congh001	Conger Hank
conib101	Conigliaro Billy
conit101	Conigliaro Tony
conij001	Conine Jeff
conka101	Conkwright Allen
conlj102	Conlan Jocko
conla001	Conley Adam
conlb101	Conley Bob
conle101	Conley Ed
conlg101	Conley Gene
conls101	Conley Snipe
conlj101	Conlon Jocko
connb105	Conn Bert
connu901	Conn Jack
connf001	Connally Fritzie
connr101	Connally Red
conns101	Connally Sarge
connb104	Connatser Bruce
connf101	Connaughton Frank
connu902	Connell 
conng101	Connell Gene
connj108	Connell Joe
connp101	Connell Peter
connt103	Connell Terry
connb103	Connelly Bill
conns001	Connelly Steve
connt102	Connelly Tom
connb102	Connolly Bud
conne101	Connolly Ed
conne102	Connolly Ed
connj107	Connolly Joe
connj101	Connolly Joe
connj902	Connolly Red
connt101	Connolly Tom
connt901	Connolly Tommy
connj106	Connor Jim
connj104	Connor Joe
connj105	Connor John
connm801	Connor Mark
connn101	Connor Ned
connr102	Connor Roger
connt902	Connor Tom
connb101	Connors Bill
connc101	Connors Chuck
connj103	Connors Jerry
connj102	Connors Joe
connm101	Connors Merv
connp901	Connors Pat
conot101	Conover Theodore
conrb001	Conrad Brooks
conrb103	Conroy Ben
conrb102	Conroy Bill
conrb101	Conroy Bill
conrc901	Conroy Chris
conrt001	Conroy Tim
conrw101	Conroy Wid
consb101	Consolo Billy
consj101	Constable Jim
consj001	Constanza Jose
conss101	Consuegra Sandy
conta901	Contant Alan
contg801	Conti Guy
contj001	Conti Jason
contc001	Contreras Carlos
contj002	Contreras Jose
contn101	Contreras Nardi
convj001	Converse Jim
conwb101	Conway Bill
conwc101	Conway Charles
conwd101	Conway Dick
conwj103	Conway Jack
conwj101	Conway Jerry
conwj102	Conway Jim
conwj901	Conway John
conwo101	Conway Owen
conwp101	Conway Pete
conwr101	Conway Rip
conwe101	Conwell Ed
conyh101	Conyers Herb
conzj101	Conzelman Joe
coogd102	Coogan Dale
coogd101	Coogan Dan
cooka002	Cook Aaron
cooka001	Cook Andy
cookc101	Cook Cliff
cookd001	Cook Dennis
cookd101	Cook Doc
cooke101	Cook Earl
cookg001	Cook Glen
cookj101	Cook Jim
cookm001	Cook Mike
cookp101	Cook Paul
cookw901	Cook R.F.
cookr901	Cook Rob
cookr102	Cook Rollin
cookr101	Cook Ron
cookr001	Cook Ryan
cookd102	Cooke Dusty
cookf101	Cooke Fred
cooks001	Cooke Steve
cookb001	Cookson Brent
coolm001	Coolbaugh Mike
cools001	Coolbaugh Scott
coold101	Cooley Duff
coomb101	Coombs Bobby
coomc101	Coombs Cecil
coomd101	Coombs Danny
coomj101	Coombs Jack
coomr001	Coomer Ron
coonw101	Coon William
coonb101	Cooney Bill
coonb102	Cooney Bob
coonj102	Cooney Jimmy
coonj103	Cooney Jimmy
coonj101	Cooney Johnny
coonp101	Cooney Phil
coont901	Cooney Terry
coont001	Cooney Tim
coopb001	Cooper Brian
coopc102	Cooper Cal
coopc001	Cooper Cecil
coopc101	Cooper Claude
coopd002	Cooper David
coopd001	Cooper Don
coope901	Cooper Eric
coopg101	Cooper Gary
coopg001	Cooper Gary
coopg102	Cooper Guy
coopm101	Cooper Mort
coopp101	Cooper Pat
coops001	Cooper Scott
coopw102	Cooper Walker
coopw101	Cooper Wilbur
copee901	Cope Elias
copem101	Copeland Mays
copes001	Copeland Scott
coppr001	Coppinger Rocky
copph101	Coppola Henry
coqut001	Coquillette Trace
coraa001	Cora Alex
coraj001	Cora Joey
corbd001	Corbett Doug
corbg101	Corbett Gene
corbj101	Corbett Joe
corbs001	Corbett Sherman
corba001	Corbin Archie
corbp001	Corbin Patrick
corbr101	Corbin Ray
corbc101	Corbitt Claude
corcd001	Corcino Daniel
corca101	Corcoran Art
corcj101	Corcoran Jack
corcj102	Corcoran John
corcl101	Corcoran Larry
corcm101	Corcoran Mickey
corcm102	Corcoran Mike
corcr001	Corcoran Roy
corct001	Corcoran Tim
corct002	Corcoran Tim
corct101	Corcoran Tommy
cordc001	Cordero Chad
cordf002	Cordero Francisco
cordw001	Cordero Wil
corde001	Cordier Erik
cordf001	Cordova Francisco
cordm001	Cordova Marty
coreb001	Corey Bryan
coree101	Corey Ed
coref101	Corey Fred
corem101	Corey Mark
corem001	Corey Mark
corgc101	Corgan Chuck
corhr101	Corhan Roy
corrp101	Coridan Phil
corkp101	Corkhill Pop
corkm101	Corkins Mike
corml001	Cormier Lance
cormr001	Cormier Rheal
cornm101	Cornejo Mardie
cornn001	Cornejo Nate
cornr001	Cornelius Reid
cornj001	Cornell Jeff
cornj002	Cornely John
cornb001	Cornett Brad
cornt101	Cornutt Terry
corpm001	Corpas Manuel
corpc001	Corporan Carlos
corrp102	Corrales Pat
corrc001	Correa Carlos
corre001	Correa Ed
corrk001	Correia Kevin
corrr001	Correia Rod
corrv101	Correll Vic
corrj101	Corriden John
corrr101	Corriden Red
corrf101	Corridon Frank
corsj001	Corsi Jim
cortb101	Cort Barry
cortj101	Cortazzo Jess
cortd002	Cortes Dan
cortd001	Cortes David
cortf001	Cortez Fernando
corwa101	Corwin Al
cosaj001	Cosart Jarred
coscj101	Coscarart Joe
coscp101	Coscarart Pete
coser101	Cosey Ray
cosgm101	Cosgrove Mike
cosmj101	Cosman Jim
cossd901	Cossey Doug
costs001	Costa Shane
costm001	Costanzo Mike
costc001	Coste Chris
costd101	Costello Dan
costj001	Costello John
costp901	Costello Perry
costt001	Costo Tim
cotah001	Cota Humberto
cotee901	Cote Emilien
coteh101	Cote Henry
cotep101	Cote Pete
cothc001	Cotham Caleb
cottd102	Cotter Dan
cottd101	Cotter Dick
cotte102	Cotter Ed
cotth101	Cotter Hooks
cottt101	Cotter Tom
cottc101	Cottier Chuck
cotth001	Cotto Henry
cotte101	Cottrell Ensign
cottn001	Cotts Neal
coucj101	Couch Johnny
coucm101	Couchee Mike
cougb101	Coughlin Bill
cougd101	Coughlin Dennis
couge101	Coughlin Ed
cougr101	Coughlin Roscoe
cougm101	Coughtry Marlan
could001	Coulombe Daniel
coulb101	Coulson Bob
coulc101	Coulter Chip
coumf101	Coumbe Fritz
counc001	Counsell Craig
courc101	Courtney Clint
coure101	Courtney Ernie
courh101	Courtney Harry
courj001	Courtright John
cousd101	Cousineau Dee
cousd901	Cousins Derryl
couss001	Cousins Scott
coutj001	Coutlangus Jon
coveh101	Coveleski Harry
coves101	Coveleski Stan
covej101	Coveney Jack
covic101	Covington Chet
covis101	Covington Sam
covit101	Covington Tex
coviw101	Covington Wes
cowab101	Cowan Billy
cowak001	Cowart Kaleb
cowea001	Cowens Al
cowgc001	Cowgill Collin
cowlj001	Cowley Joe
cox-b102	Cox Bill
cox-b101	Cox Billy
cox-b103	Cox Bobby
cox-c101	Cox Casey
cox-d001	Cox Danny
cox-d002	Cox Darron
cox-d101	Cox Dick
cox-e101	Cox Ernie
cox-f101	Cox Frank
cox-g102	Cox George
cox-g101	Cox Glenn
cox-j101	Cox Jeff
cox-j102	Cox Jim
cox-l101	Cox Larry
cox-l102	Cox Les
cox-r101	Cox Red
cox-s001	Cox Steve
cox-t101	Cox Ted
cox-t102	Cox Terry
coylb101	Coyle Bill
coynt101	Coyne Toots
cozac101	Cozart Charlie
cozaz001	Cozart Zack
crabr101	Crabb Roy
crabc001	Crabbe Callix
crabg101	Crable George
crabe101	Crabtree Estel
crabt001	Crabtree Tim
cradw101	Craddock Walt
cradr001	Cradle Rickey
crafh101	Craft Harry
crafm101	Craft Molly
craft901	Craft Terry
cragh101	Craghead Howard
craia001	Craig Allen
craig101	Craig George
craip101	Craig Pete
crair001	Craig Rod
crair101	Craig Roger
craij001	Crain Jesse
cramg101	Cram Jerry
cramb101	Cramer Bill
cramb001	Cramer Bobby
cramd102	Cramer Doc
cramd101	Cramer Ed
crand102	Crandall Del
crand101	Crandall Doc
cranj801	Crandall Jimmie
cranr901	Crandall Robert
crane101	Crane Ed
cranf101	Crane Fred
crans101	Crane Sam
crans102	Crane Sam
cravg101	Cravath Gavvy
cravb101	Craver Bill
cravt001	Cravy Tyler
crawa901	Crawford Alexander
crawb001	Crawford Brandon
crawc002	Crawford Carl
crawc001	Crawford Carlos
crawe001	Crawford Evan
crawf101	Crawford Forrest
crawg102	Crawford George
crawg101	Crawford Glenn
crawj101	Crawford Jake
crawj901	Crawford Jerry
crawj102	Crawford Jim
crawj001	Crawford Joe
crawk101	Crawford Ken
crawl101	Crawford Larry
crawp101	Crawford Pat
crawp001	Crawford Paxton
craws101	Crawford Sam
craws901	Crawford Shag
craws001	Crawford Steve
craww101	Crawford Willie
crayp901	Cray P.C.
creag101	Creamer George
credj001	Crede Joe
creeb101	Cree Birdie
creec101	Creeden Connie
creep101	Creeden Pat
creem101	Creegan Mark
creed001	Creek Doug
creej101	Creel Jack
creek001	Creel Keith
creeg101	Creely Gus
cregp101	Cregan Pete
cregb101	Creger Bernie
creiu901	Creighton Ed
cremb101	Cremins Bob
cresc101	Crespi Creepy
cresc001	Crespo Cesar
cresf001	Crespo Felipe
cresw101	Cress Walker
cresm801	Cresse Mark
cresj001	Cressend Jack
crewt001	Crews Tim
cridj101	Crider Jerry
crigl101	Criger Lou
crimc001	Crim Chuck
crimj101	Crimian Jack
cripd101	Cripe Dave
crisd102	Criscione Dave
crist101	Criscola Tony
crisp101	Crisham Pat
crisc001	Crisp Coco
crisj101	Crisp Joe
crisd101	Criss Dode
crisc101	Crist Ches
crisb101	Cristall Bill
crisl101	Cristante Leo
critm101	Critchley Morrie
crith101	Critz Hughie
crocc101	Crocker Claude
crocd101	Crockett Davey
crock001	Crockett Kyle
crofa101	Croft Art
crofh101	Croft Harry
crolf101	Crolius Fred
cromw101	Cromartie Warren
cromd001	Cromer D.T.
cromt001	Cromer Tripp
cromh101	Crompton Herb
cromn101	Crompton Ned
cronc002	Cron C.J.
cronc001	Cron Chris
cronr101	Crone Ray
cronb101	Cronin Bill
crond101	Cronin Dan
cronj102	Cronin Jack
cronj103	Cronin Jim
cronj101	Cronin Joe
croot101	Crooke Tom
crooj101	Crooks Jack
crosb002	Crosby Bobby
crosb001	Crosby Bubba
crosc001	Crosby Casey
crose101	Crosby Ed
crosg101	Crosby George
crosk101	Crosby Ken
crosf103	Crosetti Frankie
crosa101	Cross Amos
crosc101	Cross Clarence
crosf101	Cross Frank
crosj101	Cross Jeff
crosj102	Cross Joe
crosj901	Cross John
crosl101	Cross Lave
crosl102	Cross Lem
crosm101	Cross Monte
crosf102	Crossin Frank
crotd101	Crothers Doug
crotm001	Crotta Michael
crotj101	Crotty Joe
croub102	Crouch Bill
croub103	Crouch Bill
crouj101	Crouch Jack
crouz001	Crouch Zach
crouf101	Croucher Frank
croub101	Crouse Buck
crour001	Croushore Rich
crowa001	Crow Aaron
crowd001	Crow Dean
crowd101	Crow Don
crowg102	Crowder General
crowg101	Crowe George
crowt001	Crowe Trevor
crowb102	Crowell Billy
crowc101	Crowell Cap
crowj001	Crowell Jim
crowb101	Crowley Bill
crowe101	Crowley Ed
crowj101	Crowley John
crowt101	Crowley Terry
croww101	Crowson Woody
croze001	Crozier Eric
crucf001	Cruceta Francisco
crudm001	Crudale Mike
cruiw101	Cruise Walton
crumc101	Crum Cal
crumg101	Crumling Gene
crumb101	Crump Buddy
crumr101	Crumpler Roy
crutd101	Crutcher Dick
crutp101	Cruthers Press
cruzd001	Cruz Deivi
cruze001	Cruz Enrique
cruzf001	Cruz Fausto
cruzh101	Cruz Hector
cruzh102	Cruz Henry
cruzi001	Cruz Ivan
cruzj003	Cruz Jacob
cruzj001	Cruz Jose
cruzj004	Cruz Jose
cruzj005	Cruz Juan
cruzj002	Cruz Julio
cruzl001	Cruz Luis
cruzn001	Cruz Nelson
cruzn002	Cruz Nelson
cruzr001	Cruz Rhiner
cruzt001	Cruz Todd
cruzt101	Cruz Tommy
cruzt002	Cruz Tony
cruzv101	Cruz Victor
cubbm101	Cubbage Mike
cubid001	Cubillan Darwin
cucca101	Cuccinello Al
cucct101	Cuccinello Tony
cuccc101	Cuccurullo Cookie
cuddm001	Cuddyer Michael
cudwj101	Cudworth Jim
cuelb101	Cuellar Bobby
cuelc101	Cuellar Charlie
cuelm101	Cuellar Mike
cuetd101	Cueto Bert
cuetj001	Cueto Johnny
cuetm101	Cueto Manuel
cuffj101	Cuff John
culbc001	Culberson Charlie
culbl101	Culberson Leon
culbf901	Culbreth Fieldin
cullj101	Cullen Jack
cullj102	Cullen John
cullt101	Cullen Tim
cullr101	Cullenbine Roy
culld101	Culler Dick
culln101	Cullop Nick
culln102	Cullop Nick
cullb101	Culloton Bud
culmw101	Culmer Wil
culpb102	Culp Benny
culpb101	Culp Bill
culpr101	Culp Ray
culvg101	Culver George
cumbj101	Cumberland John
cummc101	Cummings Candy
cummj101	Cummings Jack
cummj001	Cummings John
cummm001	Cummings Midre
cumms001	Cummings Steve
cumpb001	Cumpton Brandon
cunej901	Cuneo Jim
cunnw001	Cunnane Will
cunnb001	Cunniff Brandon
cunna001	Cunningham Aaron
cunnb103	Cunningham Bert
cunnb101	Cunningham Bill
cunnb102	Cunningham Bill
cunnb104	Cunningham Bruce
cunng101	Cunningham George
cunnj101	Cunningham Joe
cunnm101	Cunningham Mike
cunnr101	Cunningham Ray
cunnt001	Cunningham Todd
cuppn101	Cuppy Nig
curld101	Curley Doc
currp102	Curran John
currs101	Curran Sammy
currl101	Currence Lafayette
currb101	Currie Bill
currc101	Currie Clarence
currm101	Currie Murphy
currp101	Currin Perry
currf901	Curry Frank
currg101	Curry George
currj101	Curry Jim
currs001	Curry Steve
currt101	Curry Tony
currw101	Curry Wes
curtc001	Curtis Chad
curtc101	Curtis Cliff
curtc002	Curtis Colin
curte801	Curtis Ed
curtf101	Curtis Fred
curtg101	Curtis Gene
curth101	Curtis Harry
curtj102	Curtis Jack
curtj002	Curtis Jermaine
curtj001	Curtis John
curtv101	Curtis Vern
curte101	Curtiss Jim
curtg102	Curtright Guy
cusas901	Cusack Steve
cushc801	Cushman Charlie
cushe101	Cushman Ed
cushh101	Cushman Harvey
cusit101	Cusick Andy
cusij101	Cusick Jack
custj001	Cust Jack
cuthc001	Cuthbert Cheslor
cuthn101	Cuthbert Ned
cutsg101	Cutshaw George
cuylk101	Cuyler Kiki
cuylm001	Cuyler Milt
cuzzp901	Cuzzi Phil
cvenm101	Cvengros Mike
cypea101	Cypert Al
cyr-e001	Cyr Eric
czajj001	Czajkowski Jim
dacqj101	D'Acquisto John
damij001	D'Amico Jeff
damij002	D'Amico Jeff
dantj001	D'Antona Jamie
dorsj102	d'Arcy Jerry
darnc001	d'Arnaud Chase
darnt001	d'Arnaud Travis
daalo001	Daal Omar
dadep101	Dade Paul
dagej101	Dagenhard John
daglp101	Daglia Pete
dagra101	Dagres Angelo
dahlj102	Dahl Jay
dahlb102	Dahlen Bill
dahlb101	Dahlgren Babe
dahlj101	Dahlke Jerry
daigc001	Daigle Casey
dailb101	Dailey Bill
dailj101	Dailey John
dails101	Dailey Sam
dailv101	Dailey Vince
dailc101	Daily Con
daile101	Daily Ed
dailh101	Daily Hugh
daisg101	Daisy George
dalcb101	Dal Canton Bruce
dalec001	Dale Carl
daleg101	Dale Gene
dalej901	Dale Jerry
dalep001	Dalena Pete
dalem001	Dalesandro Mark
daleb101	Daley Bill
daleb102	Daley Bud
dalej102	Daley John
dalej101	Daley Jud
dalem002	Daley Matt
dalep101	Daley Pete
dalet101	Daley Tom
dalld101	Dallessandro Dom
dallb001	Dallimore Brian
dalra101	Dalrymple Abner
dalrb101	Dalrymple Bill
dalrc101	Dalrymple Clay
daltj101	Dalton Jack
daltm001	Dalton Mike
dalyb101	Daly Bert
dalyg101	Daly George
dalyj101	Daly Joe
dalys101	Daly Sun
dalyt101	Daly Tom
dalyt102	Daly Tom
dam-b101	Dam Bill
damaj101	Damaska Jack
dammb101	Dammann Bill
damoj001	Damon Johnny
damrh101	Damrau Harry
dancb801	Dancy Bill
danep001	Daneker Pat
danea101	Daney Art
danfd101	Danforth Dave
danic102	Daniel Chuck
danij101	Daniel Jake
danib102	Daniels Bennie
danib101	Daniels Bert
danic901	Daniels Charles
danic101	Daniels Charlie
danij102	Daniels Jack
danik001	Daniels Kal
danil101	Daniels Law
danip101	Daniels Pete
danit101	Daniels Tony
dankj001	Danks John
dankj002	Danks Jordan
danlk901	Danley Kerwin
dannb101	Danner Buck
dannh101	Danning Harry
danni101	Danning Ike
dantf101	Dantonio Fats
danzb101	Danzig Babe
dappc101	Dapper Cliff
darbg101	Darby George
darcp101	Darcy Pat
darev001	Darensbourg Vic
daric101	Daringer Cliff
darir101	Daringer Rolla
darka101	Dark Al
darld101	Darling Dell
darlg901	Darling Gary
darlr001	Darling Ron
darnb101	Darnell Bob
darnj001	Darnell James
darnl001	Darnell Logan
darrm101	Darr Mike
darrm001	Darr Mike
darrj101	Darragh Jack
darrg101	Darrow George
darvy001	Darvish Yu
darwb101	Darwin Bobby
darwd001	Darwin Danny
darwj001	Darwin Jeff
dascd001	Dascenzo Doug
dascf901	Dascoli Frank
dashw101	Dashiell Wally
dashl101	Dashner Lee
dassf101	Dasso Frank
datzj001	Datz Jeff
daubd101	Daub Dan
daubb001	Daubach Brian
daubh101	Daubert Harry
daubj101	Daubert Jake
daubt901	Daubney Thomas
dauer001	Dauer Rich
daugd101	Daugherty Doc
daugj001	Daugherty Jack
daugb101	Daughters Bob
dauld001	Daulton Darren
daush101	Dauss Hooks
davav101	Davalillo Vic
davay101	Davalillo Yo-Yo
davaj001	DaVanon Jeff
davaj101	DaVanon Jerry
davec101	Davenport Claude
daved101	Davenport Dave
davej101	Davenport Jim
davej001	Davenport Joe
davel101	Davenport Lum
davem101	Davey Mike
davet001	Davey Tom
davir101	Daviault Ray
davia001	David Andre
davil901	David L.N.
davib107	Davidson Bill
davib902	Davidson Bob
davib002	Davidson Bob
davic102	Davidson Claude
davic002	Davidson Cleatus
david901	Davidson Dale
david004	Davidson Daniel
david003	Davidson Dave
davih102	Davidson Homer
davim003	Davidson Mark
davim005	Davidson Matt
davim801	Davidson Mordecai
davis901	Davidson Satch
davit102	Davidson Ted
davij105	Davie Jerry
davic104	Davies Chick
davig101	Davies George
davik002	Davies Kyle
daviz001	Davies Zach
davia002	Davis Alvin
davib003	Davis Ben
davib106	Davis Bill
davib901	Davis Bill
davib005	Davis Blake
davib102	Davis Bob
davib101	Davis Bob
davib903	Davis Bob
davib004	Davis Brad
davib103	Davis Brandy
davib105	Davis Brock
davib104	Davis Bud
davib001	Davis Butch
davic001	Davis Chili
davic003	Davis Chris
davic101	Davis Crash
davic103	Davis Curt
david103	Davis Daisy
david101	Davis Dick
david102	Davis Dixie
david001	Davis Doug
david002	Davis Doug
davie001	Davis Eric
davie002	Davis Erik
davig102	Davis George
davig901	Davis Gerry
davig002	Davis Gerry
davig001	Davis Glenn
davih101	Davis Harry
davih103	Davis Harry
davii102	Davis Ike
davii001	Davis Ike
davii101	Davis Ira
davii103	Davis Iron
davij004	Davis J.J.
davij104	Davis Jacke
davij005	Davis Jason
davij103	Davis Jim
davij001	Davis Jody
davij002	Davis Joel
davij102	Davis John
davij003	Davis John
davij101	Davis Jumbo
davik001	Davis Kane
davik003	Davis Khris
davik101	Davis Kiddo
davil001	Davis Lance
davil101	Davis Lefty
davim001	Davis Mark
davim004	Davis Mark
davim002	Davis Mike
davio101	Davis Odie
davio102	Davis Otis
davip101	Davis Peaches
davir003	Davis Rajai
davir102	Davis Ron
davir001	Davis Ron
davir002	Davis Russ
davis101	Davis Spud
davis102	Davis Steve
davis002	Davis Steve
davis001	Davis Storm
davit002	Davis Tim
davit101	Davis Tod
davit103	Davis Tommy
davit003	Davis Tommy
davit001	Davis Trench
daviw001	Davis Wade
daviw103	Davis Wiley
daviw102	Davis Willie
daviw101	Davis Woody
davim101	Davison Mike
davis003	Davison Scott
dawkt001	Dawkins Travis
dawlb001	Dawley Bill
dawlj001	Dawley Joey
dawsa001	Dawson Andre
dawsj101	Dawson Joe
dawsm901	Dawson Mort
dawsr101	Dawson Rex
day-b101	Day Bill
day-b102	Day Boots
day-d001	Day Dewon
day-j801	Day John
day-c101	Day Pea Ridge
day-z001	Day Zach
dayeb001	Dayett Brian
daylk001	Dayley Ken
dearr801	de Armas Roly
deaza001	de Aza Alejandro
decay001	de Caster Yurendell
defrj001	De Fratus Justin
dejei001	De Jesus Ivan
dejei002	De Jesus Ivan
dejej001	De Jesus Jose
dejoj001	De Jong Jordan
delae001	de la Cruz Eulogio
delat102	de la Cruz Tommy
delam101	de la Hoz Mike
delad001	de la Rosa Dane
delae002	de la Rosa Eury
delaf001	de la Rosa Francisco
delaj101	de la Rosa Jesus
delaj001	de la Rosa Jorge
delar003	de la Rosa Rubby
delat001	de la Rosa Tomas
delaj002	de la Torre Jose
delej002	de Leon Jorge
deloa001	de los Santos Abel
delof001	de los Santos Fautino
delol001	de los Santos Luis
delol002	de los Santos Luis
delor101	de los Santos Ramon
delov001	de los Santos Valerio
depaj002	de Paula Jorge
depaj004	De Paula Jose
devrc001	De Vries Cole
deagr101	Deagle Ren
deagr001	Deago Roger
dealc102	Deal Charlie
dealc101	Deal Cot
deall101	Deal Lindsay
deals101	Deal Snake
dealp101	Dealy Pat
deanc101	Dean Chubby
deand102	Dean Dizzy
deand101	Dean Dory
deanh102	Dean Harry
deanp101	Dean Paul
deant101	Dean Tommy
deanw101	Dean Wayland
deanh101	Deane Harry
dearb101	Dear Buddy
dearc101	DeArmond Charlie
deasj101	Deasley John
deasp101	Deasley Pat
debad101	DeBarr Dennis
debeh101	DeBerry Hank
debej101	DeBerry Joe
debua101	DeBus Adam
debuj801	Debus Jon
debud101	DeBusschere Dave
decaa101	Decatur Art
decid001	DeCinces Doug
deckc001	Decker Cody
deckf101	Decker Frank
deckg101	Decker George
deckh101	Decker Harry
deckj001	Decker Jaff
deckj101	Decker Joe
deckm101	Decker Marty
decks001	Decker Steve
decks901	Decker Stewart
dedea101	Dede Artie
deder101	Dedeaux Rod
dedmj001	Dedmon Jeff
dedrj001	Dedrick Jim
dedus001	Deduno Samuel
dee-j101	Dee Jim
dee-s101	Dee Shorty
deegb901	Deegan Bill
deegd101	Deegan Dummy
deerr001	Deer Rob
deerj101	Deering John
deesc101	Dees Charlie
defat101	DeFate Tony
deflp901	DeFlesco Pete
defrt801	DeFrancesco Tony
defra101	DeFreites Arturo
degem101	DeGerick Mike
degrr101	DeGroff Rube
degrj001	deGrom Jacob
dehak001	DeHaan Kory
dehar001	DeHart Rick
dehlh101	Dehlman Herman
deidj101	Deidel Jim
deinp101	Deininger Pep
deisp101	Deisel Pat
deitb101	Deitrick Bill
dejam101	Dejan Mike
dejem001	DeJean Mike
dejed001	DeJesus David
dejom101	DeJohn Mark
dekob101	DeKoning Bill
delgb101	Del Greco Bobby
delre001	Del Rosario Enerio
delsg101	Del Savio Garton
deltm001	Del Toro Miguel
delas001	Delabar Steve
delae101	Delahanty Ed
delaf101	Delahanty Frank
delaj103	Delahanty Jim
delaj102	Delahanty Joe
delat101	Delahanty Tom
delar001	DeLaMaza Roland
delab102	DeLancey Bill
delaa101	Delaney Art
delab101	Delaney Bill
delar002	Delaney Rob
delcm001	Delcarmen Manny
delej001	DeLeon Jose
delel001	DeLeon Luis
delga001	Delgado Alex
delgc001	Delgado Carlos
delgj001	Delgado Jesus
delgp101	Delgado Puchy
delgr001	Delgado Randall
delgw001	Delgado Wilson
delhf101	Delhi Flame
delij101	Delis Juan
delke101	Delker Eddie
dellw101	Dell Wheezer
dellj001	Dellaero Jason
delld901	Dellinger Dusty
delld001	Dellucci David
delmb101	Delmas Bert
delmv901	Delmore Vic
deloi101	Delock Ike
delsj101	Delsing Jim
delur001	DeLucia Rich
demaj101	DeMaestri Joe
demaf101	Demarais Fred
demaa101	Demaree Al
demaf102	Demaree Frank
demac001	Demaria Chris
demab101	DeMars Billy
demes001	Demel Sam
demej101	DeMerit John
demem801	DeMerritt Marty
demel101	Demery Larry
demed101	Demeter Don
demes101	Demeter Steve
demih101	DeMiller Harry
demmr101	Demmitt Ray
demod101	DeMola Don
demog101	DeMontreville Gene
demol101	DeMontreville Lee
demod901	Demorest D.P.
demob101	DeMott Ben
dempc101	Dempsey Con
dempm101	Dempsey Mark
dempr001	Dempsey Rick
dempr002	Dempster Ryan
demud901	DeMuth Dana
dendm001	den Dekker Matt
denbg801	Denbo Gary
deneb101	Denehy Bill
denis901	Deniston Shan
denkt001	Denker Travis
denkd901	Denkinger Don
denmb101	Denman Brian
dennt101	Dennehey Tod
dennk001	Denney Kyle
dennr001	Dennick Ryan
denno101	Denning Otto
dennd101	Dennis Don
dennj101	Denny Jerry
dennj001	Denny John
dennr901	Denny Richard
denoc001	Denorfia Chris
densd001	Denson Drew
dentb001	Dent Bucky
dente101	Dent Eddie
dents101	Dente Sam
denzr101	Denzer Roger
depam101	DePangher Mike
depaj001	Depastino Joe
depaj003	DePaula Julio
depas001	DePaula Sean
depht101	DePhillips Tony
derbg102	Derby Gene
derbg101	Derby George
dernb001	Dernier Bob
derom001	DeRosa Mark
derrd901	Derr Doll
derrc101	Derrick Claud
derrm101	Derrick Mike
derrp101	Derringer Paul
derrj101	Derrington Jim
derrr101	Derry Russ
desjs101	Des Jardien Shorty
desaj001	DeSa Joe
desam001	DeSalvo Matt
desag101	Desautels Gene
descd001	Descalso Daniel
desca001	DeSclafani Anthony
deshj001	Deshaies Jim
deshd001	DeShields Delino
deshd002	DeShields Delino
deshj101	DeShong Jimmie
desij001	DeSilva John
desmi001	Desmond Ian
despo001	Despaigne Odrisamer
dessr101	Dessau Rube
desse001	Dessens Elmer
desto001	Destrade Orestes
dethb101	Detherage Bob
detog101	Detore George
dettj001	Dettmer John
dettt101	Dettore Tom
detwd101	Detweiler Ducky
detwr001	Detwiler Ross
deutm101	Deutsch Mel
devac001	Devarez Cesar
devec101	Devens Charlie
devem001	Devereaux Mike
devia101	Devine Adrian
devij901	Devine Jim
devij001	Devine Joey
devim101	Devine Mickey
devih101	Deviney Hal
devid901	Devinney Dan
devib101	DeViveiros Bernie
devla101	Devlin Art
devlc901	Devlin Charlie
devlj103	Devlin Jim
devlj102	Devlin Jim
devlj101	Devlin Jim
devor101	DeVogt Rex
devod001	DeVore Doug
devoj101	Devore Josh
devoa101	DeVormer Al
devow101	Devoy Walt
dewac101	Dewald Charlie
dewem001	Dewey Mark
dewij001	DeWillis Jeff
dewib001	DeWitt Blake
dewim001	DeWitt Matt
dewsb801	Dews Bobby
dextc101	Dexter Charlie
dezef901	Dezelan Frank
diams001	Diamond Scott
diamt001	Diamond Thomas
diaza001	Diaz Alex
diaza002	Diaz Argenis
diazb001	Diaz Bo
diazc001	Diaz Carlos
diazc002	Diaz Carlos
diaze003	Diaz Eddy
diaze001	Diaz Edgar
diaze004	Diaz Edwin
diaze002	Diaz Einar
diaze005	Diaz Elias
diazf001	Diaz Felix
diazj006	Diaz Jairo
diazj004	Diaz Jonathan
diazj002	Diaz Jose
diazj001	Diaz Juan
diazj003	Diaz Juan
diazj005	Diaz Jumbo
diazl901	Diaz Laz
diazm002	Diaz Mario
diazm003	Diaz Matt
diazm001	Diaz Mike
diazr001	Diaz Robinzon
diazv001	Diaz Victor
dibbr001	Dibble Rob
dibup101	Dibut Pedro
dickp101	Dicken Paul
dickr801	Dickenson Ralph
dickl101	Dickerman Leo
dicka001	Dickerson Alex
dickb801	Dickerson Bobby
dickb102	Dickerson Buttercup
dickc001	Dickerson Chris
dickc002	Dickerson Corey
dickg102	Dickerson George
dickb101	Dickey Bill
dickg101	Dickey George
dickr001	Dickey R.A.
dicke101	Dickman Emerson
dickj102	Dickshot Johnny
dickb001	Dickson Brandon
dickj001	Dickson Jason
dickj101	Dickson Jim
dickl001	Dickson Lance
dickm101	Dickson Murry
dickw101	Dickson Walt
diddh801	Diddlebock Harry
didib101	Didier Bob
diehe101	Diehl Ernie
diehg101	Diehl George
diekj001	Diekman Jake
dierc101	Diering Chuck
dierl101	Dierker Larry
dierr901	Dierking Roger
dietb101	Dietrich Bill
dietd001	Dietrich Derek
dietd101	Dietz Dick
dietd102	Dietz Dutch
dietr101	Dietzel Roy
difaj101	Difani Jay
difem002	DiFelice Mark
difem001	Difelice Mike
difow001	Difo Wilmer
diggb001	Diggins Ben
diggr101	Diggs Reese
digns101	Dignan Steve
dilaj101	DiLauro Jack
dilld101	Dillard Don
dillg001	Dillard Gordon
dillp104	Dillard Pat
dills101	Dillard Steve
dillt001	Dillard Tim
dillp101	Dillhoefer Pickles
dillb102	Dillinger Bob
dillh101	Dillinger Harley
dillb101	Dillman Bill
dillj001	Dillon Joe
dillj101	Dillon John
dillp102	Dillon Packy
dillp103	Dillon Pop
dills102	Dillon Steve
dilom001	Dilone Miguel
dimad101	DiMaggio Dom
dimaj101	DiMaggio Joe
dimav101	DiMaggio Vince
dimif001	DiMichele Frank
dimmm101	Dimmel Mike
dimul901	DiMuro Lou
dimum901	DiMuro Mike
dimur901	DiMuro Ray
dinal001	DiNardo Lenny
dinek101	Dineen Kerry
dingv101	Dinges Vance
dingc001	Dingman Craig
dinkb001	Dinkelman Brian
dinnb101	Dinneen Bill
diorm101	Diorio Ron
dipib101	DiPietro Bob
dipif001	DiPino Frank
dipoj001	DiPoto Jerry
dirka001	Dirks Andy
disag001	Disarcina Gary
discg101	Disch George
dishg001	Dishman Glenn
dista101	Distaso Alec
distb001	Distefano Benny
distd101	Distel Dutch
ditma101	Ditmar Art
dittj101	Dittmer Jack
devij101	Diven Frank
divim101	Divis Moxie
dixoh901	Dixon Hal
dixok001	Dixon Ken
dixol101	Dixon Leo
dixos101	Dixon Sonny
dixos001	Dixon Steve
dixot101	Dixon Tom
dixow801	Dixon Walt
dlugb001	Dlugach Brent
doakb101	Doak Bill
doanw101	Doan Walt
dobbj102	Dobb John
dobbd101	Dobbek Dan
dobbg001	Dobbs Greg
dobbj101	Dobbs John
dober101	Dobens Ray
dobej101	Dobernic Jess
dobsc101	Dobson Chuck
dobsh901	Dobson Henry
dobsj101	Dobson Joe
dobsp101	Dobson Pat
dobyl101	Doby Larry
dockg101	Dockins George
doddo101	Dodd Ona
doddr001	Dodd Robert
doddt001	Dodd Tom
dodgj101	Dodge John
dodgs101	Dodge Sam
dodsp001	Dodson Pat
doe-f101	Doe Fred
doerb101	Doerr Bobby
dohee101	Doheny Ed
dohej101	Doherty John
dohej001	Doherty John
dohms001	Dohmann Scott
dolab101	Dolan Biddy
dolac101	Dolan Cozy
dolac102	Dolan Cozy
dolaj101	Dolan Joe
dolaj102	Dolan John
dolat101	Dolan Tom
dolel101	Dole Lester
dolew901	Dole W.C.
dolir001	Dolis Rafael
doljf101	Doljack Frank
dolla101	Doll Art
dolsf001	Dolsi Freddy
domic001	Dominguez Chris
domij002	Dominguez Jose
domij001	Dominguez Juan
domim001	Dominguez Matt
domia001	Dominique Andy
donad101	Donahue Deacon
donaj103	Donahue Jiggs
donaj104	Donahue Jim
donaj102	Donahue John
donap101	Donahue Pat
donar101	Donahue Red
donas101	Donahue She
donat101	Donahue Tim
donaa101	Donald Atley
donaj002	Donald Jason
donae101	Donalds Ed
donaj101	Donaldson John
donaj001	Donaldson Josh
donaa901	Donatelli Augie
dondl101	Dondero Len
donlm101	Donlin Mike
dunnj902	Donnegan Joe
donnb101	Donnelly Blix
donnb001	Donnelly Brendan
donnc901	Donnelly Charles
donne102	Donnelly Ed
donne101	Donnelly Ed
donnf101	Donnelly Frank
donnj103	Donnelly Jim
donnj101	Donnelly Jim
donnp101	Donnelly Pete
donnr801	Donnelly Rich
donnc001	Donnels Chris
donoj102	Donoghue Alexander
donoj103	Donohue Jim
donom901	Donohue Michael
donop102	Donohue Pete
donot101	Donohue Tom
donol101	Donoso Lino
donob101	Donovan Bill
donob102	Donovan Bill
donod101	Donovan Dick
donof101	Donovan Fred
donoj101	Donovan Jerry
donom101	Donovan Mike
donop101	Donovan Patsy
donot901	Donovan Timothy
donot102	Donovan Tom
dooir101	Dooin Red
doolm101	Doolin Mickey
dools001	Doolittle Sean
doomh101	Dooms Harry
dopsj001	Dopson John
dorab101	Doran Bill
dorab001	Doran Bill
doraj101	Doran John
dorat101	Doran Tom
doral801	Dorante Luis
dorgj101	Dorgan Jerry
dorgm101	Dorgan Mike
dorif101	Dorish Fritz
dormc101	Dorman Charlie
dormr101	Dorman Red
dornd001	Dorn Danny
dorng101	Dorner Gus
dornd901	Dornlach T.E.
dorrb101	Dorr Bert
dorsb001	Dorsett Brian
dorsc101	Dorsett Cal
dorsj101	Dorsey Jerry
dorsj001	Dorsey Jim
dortm001	Dorta Melvin
dosch101	Doscher Herm
doscj101	Doscher Jack
dostd001	Doster David
doteo001	Dotel Octavio
dotsr001	Dotson Richard
dottg101	Dotter Gary
dottd101	Dotterer Dutch
dotyb101	Doty Babe
doubf001	Doubront Felix
dougc101	Dougherty Charlie
dougj001	Dougherty Jim
dougp102	Dougherty Patsy
dougt101	Dougherty Tom
dougj101	Douglas John
dougl101	Douglas Larry
dougo801	Douglas Otis
dougp101	Douglas Phil
dougw101	Douglas Whammy
douga101	Douglass Astyanax
dougk101	Douglass Klondike
dougs001	Douglass Sean
doumr001	Doumit Ryan
doutt101	Douthit Taylor
doved001	Dove Dennis
dow-c101	Dow Clarence
dowdj101	Dowd John
dowdk101	Dowd Skip
dowds101	Dowd Snooks
dowdt101	Dowd Tommy
dowda901	Dowdy Adam
dowek001	Dowell Ken
dowij101	Dowie Joe
dowld101	Dowling Dave
dowlp101	Dowling Pete
downr801	Down Rick
downr102	Downey Red
downt101	Downey Tom
downa101	Downing Al
downb001	Downing Brian
downd001	Downs Darin
downd101	Downs Dave
downk001	Downs Kelly
downm001	Downs Matt
downr101	Downs Red
downs001	Downs Scott
dowst101	Dowse Tom
doylb801	Doyle Blake
doylb101	Doyle Brian
doylc102	Doyle Carl
doylc101	Doyle Conny
doyld101	Doyle Danny
doyld102	Doyle Denny
doylj103	Doyle Jack
doylj102	Doyle Jacob
doylj101	Doyle Jeff
doylj105	Doyle Jess
doylj107	Doyle Jim
doylj104	Doyle John
doyll101	Doyle Larry
doylp101	Doyle Paul
doylj106	Doyle Slow Joe
doync001	Doyne Cory
dozib001	Dozier Brian
dozib101	Dozier Buzz
dozid001	Dozier D.J.
dozit001	Dozier Tom
drabd001	Drabek Doug
drabk001	Drabek Kyle
drabm101	Drabowsky Moe
dragd101	Drago Dick
drahb001	Drahman Brian
drakd101	Drake Delos
drakl102	Drake Larry
drakl101	Drake Logan
draku101	Drake Lyman
drako001	Drake Oliver
drakr901	Drake Rob
draks102	Drake Sammy
draks101	Drake Solly
drakt101	Drake Tom
drank001	Dransfeldt Kelly
drapj901	Draper Doc
drapm001	Draper Mike
drauj101	Drauby Jake
dravd001	Dravecky Dave
drecb901	Dreckman Bruce
dreet001	Drees Tom
dreeb101	Dreesen Bill
dreid001	Dreifort Darren
dreic101	Dreisewerd Clem
drekr901	Dreke Roy
dresb102	Drescher Bill
dresr001	Drese Ryan
dresc101	Dressen Chuck
dresl101	Dressen Lee
dresk001	Dressendorfer Kirk
dresa901	Dresser Al
dresb101	Dresser Bob
dresr101	Dressler Rob
drewc001	Drew Cameron
drewd101	Drew Dave
drewj001	Drew J.D.
drews001	Drew Stephen
drewt001	Drew Tim
drewf101	Drews Frank
drewk101	Drews Karl
dreys001	Dreyer Steve
dried001	Driessen Dan
drill101	Drill Lew
drisd102	Driscoll Dennis
drisd101	Driscoll Denny
drisj101	Driscoll Jim
drisj901	Driscoll Joe
drism102	Driscoll Michael
drisp101	Driscoll Paddy
drist001	Driskill Travis
drism101	Drissel Mike
droht101	Drohan Tom
dropw101	Dropo Walt
drotd101	Drott Dick
drucl101	Drucke Louis
druhc101	Druhot Carl
drumc901	Drummond Cal
drumt001	Drummond Tim
drumk101	Drumright Keith
drurb001	Drury Brandon
drysd101	Drysdale Don
duber801	Dubee Rich
dubim101	Dubiel Monk
dubob001	Dubois Brian
duboj001	Dubois Jason
duboe001	DuBose Eric
dubuj101	Dubuc Jean
duceb001	Ducey Rob
duchu901	Ducharme Ed
duchj001	Duchscherer Justin
duckb001	Duckworth Brandon
duckj101	Duckworth Jim
dudal001	Duda Lucas
dudlc101	Dudley Clise
dudrj101	Dudra John
duenb001	Duensing Brian
duesh101	Dues Hal
duffl101	Duff Larry
duffm001	Duff Matt
duffp101	Duff Pat
duffj102	Duffalo Jim
duffc101	Duffee Charlie
dufft001	Duffey Tyler
duffj101	Duffie John
duffb101	Duffy Bernie
duffc001	Duffy Chris
duffd001	Duffy Danny
duffe101	Duffy Ed
dufff101	Duffy Frank
duffh101	Duffy Hugh
duffj901	Duffy Jim
duffm002	Duffy Matt
duffm003	Duffy Matt
dugab101	Dugan Bill
dugad101	Dugan Dan
dugae101	Dugan Ed
dugaj101	Dugan Joe
dugag101	Dugas Gus
dugdd101	Dugdale Dan
dugeo101	Dugey Oscar
duggj101	Duggan Jim
duggb101	Duggleby Bill
dukem101	Duke Martin
dukez001	Duke Zach
dukee001	Dukes Elijah
dukej101	Dukes Jan
duket101	Dukes Tom
dulib101	Duliba Bob
dullr001	Dull Ryan
dumap001	Dumatrait Phil
dumog101	Dumont George
dumod101	Dumoulin Dan
dumon101	Dumovich Nick
dunbm001	Dunbar Matt
dunbt001	Dunbar Tom
duncc002	Duncan Chris
duncc001	Duncan Courtney
duncd101	Duncan Dave
duncr901	Duncan Dennis
duncj001	Duncan Jeff
duncj101	Duncan Jim
duncm001	Duncan Mariano
duncp101	Duncan Pat
duncs001	Duncan Shelley
dunct101	Duncan Taylor
duncv101	Duncan Vern
dunde101	Dundon Ed
dundg101	Dundon Gus
dunej101	Dunegan Jim
dungs101	Dungan Sam
dunhl101	Dunham Lee
dunhw101	Dunham Wiley
dunkd101	Dunkle Davey
dunlb101	Dunlap Bill
dunlf101	Dunlap Fred
dunlg102	Dunlap Grant
dunlj101	Dunleavy Jack
dunlh901	Dunlevy Hugh
dunlg101	Dunlop George
dunlh801	Dunlop Harry
dunna001	Dunn Adam
dunna801	Dunn Alan
dunnj102	Dunn Jack
dunnj103	Dunn Jim
dunnj101	Dunn Joe
dunnm002	Dunn Michael
dunnr101	Dunn Ron
dunns002	Dunn Scott
dunns102	Dunn Steve
dunns001	Dunn Steve
dunnt001	Dunn Todd
dunnt901	Dunn Tom
dunnj901	Dunne Jim
dunnm001	Dunne Mike
dunna101	Dunning Andy
dunnj001	Dunning Jake
dunns101	Dunning Steve
dunss001	Dunston Shawon
dunwt001	Dunwoody Todd
dupef101	Dupee Frank
duprm101	Dupree Mike
durad101	Duran Dan
durag001	Duran German
durar001	Duran Roberto
dural001	Durango Luis
duram001	Durant Mike
durae001	Durazo Erubiel
durbc001	Durbin Chad
durbj001	Durbin J.D.
durbk101	Durbin Kid
durer101	Duren Ryne
durfp901	Durfee Peter
durhb101	Durham Bull
durhd101	Durham Don
durhe101	Durham Ed
durhj102	Durham James
durhj101	Durham Joe
durhl001	Durham Leon
durhr001	Durham Ray
durnb101	Durnbaugh Bobby
durng101	Durning George
durnr101	Durning Rich
duroj001	Durocher Jayson
durol101	Durocher Leo
durrr101	Durrett Red
durrt001	Durrington Trent
dursc101	Durst Cedric
duryj101	Duryea Jesse
dusae101	Dusak Erv
dusag801	Dusan Gene
dusec101	Duser Carl
dustb101	Dustal Bob
duttp901	Dutton Patrick
duvaa001	Duvall Adam
duvam001	Duvall Mike
duzeb101	Duzen Bill
dwiga101	Dwight Al
dwyec001	Dwyer Chris
dwyef101	Dwyer Frank
dwyej001	Dwyer Jim
dwyej101	Dwyer Joe
dwyej102	Dwyer John
dybzj001	Dybzinski Jerry
dyckj101	Dyck Jim
dye-j001	Dye Jermaine
dyerb101	Dyer Ben
dyerd101	Dyer Duffy
dyere101	Dyer Eddie
dyerm001	Dyer Mike
dygej101	Dygert Jimmy
dykej101	Dykes Jimmy
dykhr001	Dykhoff Radhames
dyksa001	Dykstra Allan
dyksl001	Dykstra Lenny
dylej101	Dyler John
dysoj001	Dyson Jarrod
dysos001	Dyson Sam
eaddd101	Eaddy Don
eagab101	Eagan Bill
eagaj901	Eagan John
eagat101	Eagan Truck
eaglb101	Eagle Bill
eaklc101	Eakle Charlie
earlh101	Earl Howard
earls001	Earl Scott
earlb101	Earle Billy
earla101	Earley Arnold
earlb001	Earley Bill
earlt101	Earley Tom
earlj101	Early Jake
earng101	Earnshaw George
easlm001	Easler Mike
easld001	Easley Damion
easle001	Easley Ed
easlh901	Easley Harold
easll001	Easley Logan
easom101	Eason Mal
eastc101	East Carl
easth102	East Harry
easth103	East Hugh
eastl101	Easter Luke
easth101	Easterday Henry
eastp101	Easterling Paul
eastj001	Easterly Jamie
eastt101	Easterly Ted
eastr102	Easterwood Roy
eastj101	Easton Jack
eastj102	Easton John
eastr101	Eastwick Rawly
eatoa001	Eaton Adam
eatoa002	Eaton Adam
eatoc101	Eaton Craig
eatoz101	Eaton Zeb
eaveg001	Eave Gary
eavev101	Eaves Vallie
eayre101	Eayrs Eddie
ebbec801	Ebbets Charlie
ebeld801	Ebel Dino
eberd001	Ebert Derrin
ebrih101	Ebright Hi
ecclh101	Eccles Harry
echea001	Echevarria Angel
echoj101	Echols Johnny
eckee001	Eckenstahler Eric
ecked001	Eckersley Dennis
eckea101	Eckert Al
eckec101	Eckert Charlie
eckho101	Eckhardt Ox
ecksd001	Eckstein David
ecksr801	Eckstein Rick
eddid901	Eddings Doug
eddyc001	Eddy Chris
eddyd101	Eddy Don
eddys101	Eddy Steve
edele101	Edelen Ed
edelj101	Edelen Joe
edelj102	Edelman John
edenc101	Eden Charlie
edenm101	Eden Mike
edenk001	Edenfield Ken
edent001	Edens Tom
edgeb102	Edge Butch
edgeb101	Edgerton Bill
edgij001	Edgin Josh
edins101	Edington Stump
edles001	Edlefsen Steve
edled101	Edler Dave
edmoj001	Edmonds Jim
edmob101	Edmondson Bob
edmob001	Edmondson Brian
edmog101	Edmondson George
edmop101	Edmondson Paul
edmoe101	Edmonson Eddie
edmos101	Edmonston Sam
edwau101	Edwards 
edwab101	Edwards Bruce
edwac001	Edwards Carl
edwad101	Edwards Dave
edwad102	Edwards Doc
edwaf101	Edwards Foster
edwah101	Edwards Hank
edwaj102	Edwards James
edwaj101	Edwards Johnny
edwaj001	Edwards Jon
edwal901	Edwards Larry
edwam102	Edwards Marshall
edwam101	Edwards Mike
edwam001	Edwards Mike
edwar101	Edwards Ralph
edwas101	Edwards Sherman
edwaw001	Edwards Wayne
eellh101	Eells Harry
eenhr001	Eenhoorn Robert
eganb101	Egan Ben
egand102	Egan Dick
egand101	Egan Dick
eganr101	Egan Jack
eganj101	Egan Jim
egant101	Egan Tom
eganw101	Egan Wish
egbej001	Egbert Jack
eggee101	Eggert Mose
eggld101	Eggler Dave
eglob001	Egloff Bruce
elanu101	Ehlen Fred
ehmkh101	Ehmke Howard
ehrer101	Ehret Red
ehrhr101	Ehrhardt Rube
eibeh101	Eibel Hack
eichj001	Eichelberger Juan
eichm001	Eichhorn Mark
eichi101	Eichrodt Ike
eickj001	Eickhoff Jerad
eilad001	Eiland Dave
eiled101	Eilers Dave
eined001	Einertson Darrell
eiscj001	Eischen Joey
eisej101	Eisenhart Jake
eisej001	Eisenreich Jim
eiseh101	Eisenstat Harry
eitee101	Eiteljorge Ed
ekstm001	Ekstrom Mike
elars001	Elarton Scott
elbek101	Elberfeld Kid
elbes001	Elbert Scott
elded001	Elder Dave
eldeg101	Elder George
eldeh101	Elder Heinie
eldrb001	Eldred Brad
eldrc001	Eldred Cal
eldrc901	Eldridge Clarence
elial101	Elia Lee
eliar001	Elias Roenis
elkop101	Elko Pete
ellar101	Ellam Roy
elleh101	Eller Hod
ellef101	Ellerbe Frank
ellij104	Ellick Joe
ellib104	Ellingsen Bruce
ellib001	Ellington Brian
ellil101	Elliot Larry
ellia101	Elliott Allen
ellib103	Elliott Bob
ellic102	Elliott Carter
ellic101	Elliott Claude
ellid001	Elliott Donnie
ellig103	Elliott Gene
ellig102	Elliott Glenn
ellih102	Elliott Hal
ellih101	Elliott Harry
ellij103	Elliott Jumbo
ellir101	Elliott Randy
ellir104	Elliott Rowdy
ellia001	Ellis A.J.
ellib101	Ellis Ben
ellid101	Ellis Dock
ellij102	Ellis Jim
ellij101	Ellis John
ellim001	Ellis Mark
ellir103	Ellis Rob
ellir001	Ellis Robert
ellir102	Ellis Rube
ellis101	Ellis Sammy
elliw901	Ellis William
ellib102	Ellison Babe
ellig101	Ellison George
ellij001	Ellison Jason
ellsj001	Ellsbury Jacoby
ellsd101	Ellsworth Dick
ellss001	Ellsworth Steve
elmoj001	Elmore Jake
elmov101	Elmore Verdo
elshr101	Elsh Roy
elstk001	Elster Kevin
elstd101	Elston Don
elvin001	Elvira Narciso
ely-b101	Ely Bones
ely-h101	Ely Harry
ely-j001	Ely John
emaub001	Emaus Brad
embra001	Embree Alan
embrr101	Embree Red
embrs101	Embry Slim
emerc102	Emerson Chester
emers801	Emerson Scott
emerc101	Emery Cal
emers101	Emery Spoke
emigc101	Emig Charlie
emmep901	Emmel Paul
emmef101	Emmer Frank
emmeb101	Emmerich Bob
emmes101	Emmerich Slim
emslb101	Emslie Bob
encaa001	Encarnacion Angelo
encae001	Encarnacion Edwin
encaj001	Encarnacion Juan
encal001	Encarnacion Luis
encam001	Encarnacion Mario
endet001	Enders Trevor
endib101	Endicott Bill
engeb901	Engel Bob
engej101	Engel Joe
enges001	Engel Steve
engeb902	Engeln Bill
englc102	Engle Charlie
englc103	Engle Clyde
engld001	Engle Dave
englr101	Engle Rick
englc101	English Charlie
englg101	English Gil
englj001	English Jesse
englj901	English John
englw101	English Woody
ennid101	Ennis Del
ennij001	Ennis John
ennir101	Ennis Russ
enrib001	Enright Barry
enrig101	Enright George
enrij101	Enright Jack
ens-j101	Ens Jewel
ens-m101	Ens Mutz
ensbm001	Ensberg Morgan
enwrc101	Enwright Charlie
enyat101	Enyart Terry
enzej101	Enzenroth Jack
enzmj101	Enzmann Johnny
eovan001	Eovaldi Nathan
eppaj001	Eppard Jim
eppea101	Epperly Al
epplc001	Eppley Cody
eppsa101	Epps Aubrey
eppsh101	Epps Hal
epstm101	Epstein Mike
erarg101	Erardi Greg
eraue101	Erautt Eddie
erauj101	Erautt Joe
erbyf901	Erby Fred
erdot001	Erdos Todd
ericj001	Ericks John
ericd101	Erickson Don
erice101	Erickson Eric
erich102	Erickson Hal
erich101	Erickson Hank
ericm001	Erickson Matt
ericp101	Erickson Paul
ericr102	Erickson Ralph
ericr101	Erickson Roger
erics001	Erickson Scott
erlir001	Erlin Robbie
ermec101	Ermer Cal
ernaf101	Ernaga Frank
errid101	Errickson Dick
erskc101	Erskine Carl
erstd001	Erstad Darin
erwit101	Erwin Tex
esasn001	Esasky Nick
escan101	Escalera Nino
escae001	Escalona Edgmer
escaf001	Escalona Felix
escas001	Escalona Sergio
escac101	Escarrega Chico
eschj101	Eschen Jim
eschl101	Eschen Larry
escoa003	Escobar Alcides
escoa002	Escobar Alex
escoa001	Escobar Angel
escoe001	Escobar Eduardo
escoe002	Escobar Edwin
escoj001	Escobar Jose
escok001	Escobar Kelvim
escoy001	Escobar Yunel
esheg901	Eshelman George
eshev001	Eshelman Vaughn
esmoj101	Esmond Jimmy
espaj801	Espada Joey
esped101	Esper Duke
espig001	Espineli Geno
espij001	Espino Juan
espid001	Espinosa Danny
espin101	Espinosa Nino
espia001	Espinoza Alvaro
espob001	Esposito Brian
espom001	Esposito Mike
espos101	Esposito Sammy
espyc001	Espy Cecil
espyd801	Espy Duane
essec101	Essegian Chuck
essem101	Esser Mark
essij001	Essian Jim
essib101	Essick Bill
estam901	Estabrook Mike
estab101	Estalella Bobby
estab001	Estalella Bobby
ested102	Estelle Dick
ested101	Esterbrook Dude
estes001	Estes Shawn
estog101	Estock George
estrc101	Estrada Chuck
estrf101	Estrada Frank
estrh001	Estrada Horacio
estrj001	Estrada Johnny
estrm001	Estrada Marco
estro101	Estrada Oscar
estrl001	Estrella Leo
etcha101	Etchebarren Andy
etchb101	Etchison Buck
etheb101	Etheridge Bobby
ethes001	Etherton Seth
ethia001	Ethier Andre
etten101	Etten Nick
ettlm001	Ettles Mark
eubaj101	Eubank John
eubau101	Eubanks Uel
eufef001	Eufemia Frank
eunif101	Eunick Fred
euset001	Eusebio Tony
eustf101	Eustace Frank
evanu101	Evans 
evana101	Evans Al
evana102	Evans Art
evanb101	Evans Barry
evanb001	Evans Bart
evanb102	Evans Bill
evanb103	Evans Bill
evanb901	Evans Billy
evanc101	Evans Chick
evand001	Evans Darrell
evand002	Evans Dwight
evang901	Evans George
evanj102	Evans Jake
evanj902	Evans Jeff
evanj901	Evans Jim
evanj101	Evans Joe
evann001	Evans Nick
evanr101	Evans Red
evanr102	Evans Roy
evans101	Evans Steve
evant002	Evans Terry
evant001	Evans Tom
eveld001	Eveland Dana
evera001	Everett Adam
everc001	Everett Carl
evert001	Everidge Tommy
everb101	Everitt Bill
everl101	Everitt Leon
everm901	Everitt Mike
everb801	Evers Bill
everh101	Evers Hoot
everj101	Evers Joe
everj102	Evers Johnny
evert101	Evers Tom
everb001	Eversgerd Bryan
ewelg101	Ewell George
ewinb102	Ewing Bob
ewinb101	Ewing Buck
ewinj101	Ewing John
ewinr101	Ewing Reuben
ewins101	Ewing Sam
ewola101	Ewoldt Art
expol001	Exposito Luis
eyres001	Eyre Scott
eyrew001	Eyre Willie
eyrig101	Eyrich George
ezelg801	Ezell Glenn
ezzeh101	Ezzell Homer
faatj101	Faatz Jay
faber101	Faber Red
fabrj001	Fabregas Jorge
fabrb101	Fabrique Bunny
facer101	Face Roy
faedl001	Faedo Lenny
faett101	Faeth Tony
fagab101	Fagan Bill
fagac901	Fagan Clint
fagae101	Fagan Everett
fagif101	Fagin Joe
faheb101	Fahey Bill
faheb001	Fahey Brandon
fahef101	Fahey Frank
faheh101	Fahey Howard
fahrj101	Fahr Jerry
fahrp101	Fahrer Pete
fainf101	Fain Ferris
fairg101	Fair George
fairj101	Fairbank Jim
fairc901	Fairchild Chad
fairr102	Faircloth Rags
fairj102	Fairey Jim
fairr101	Fairly Ron
fajah001	Fajardo Hector
falca101	Falch Anton
falcp001	Falcone Pete
falkb101	Falk Bibb
falkc102	Falk Chet
falkc101	Falkenberg Cy
falkb001	Falkenborg Brian
falle101	Fallenstein Ed
fallb001	Fallon Bob
fallc101	Fallon Charlie
fallg101	Fallon George
falsp101	Falsey Pete
falts001	Falteisek Steve
falui001	Falu Irving
famij001	Familia Jeurys
faner001	Faneyte Rikkert
fannc101	Fannin Cliff
fannj102	Fanning Jack
fannj101	Fanning Jim
fanoh101	Fanok Harry
fanof101	Fanovich Frank
fanss001	Fansler Stan
fanwh101	Fanwell Harry
fanzc101	Fanzone Carmen
farip001	Faries Paul
farim001	Fariss Monty
farlb101	Farley Bob
farlt101	Farley Lawrence
farma101	Farmer Alex
farmb101	Farmer Bill
farmb001	Farmer Buck
farme101	Farmer Ed
farmh001	Farmer Howard
farmj101	Farmer Jack
farmm901	Farmer Mike
farmm001	Farmer Mike
farnh901	Farnsworth Harry
farnj001	Farnsworth Jeff
farnk001	Farnsworth Kyle
farqd001	Farquhar Danny
farrj101	Farr Jim
farrs001	Farr Steve
farrs101	Farrar Sid
farrb101	Farrell Bill
farrd101	Farrell Doc
farrd102	Farrell Duke
farrj106	Farrell Jack
farrj105	Farrell Jack
farrj104	Farrell Jack
farrj102	Farrell Joe
farrj103	Farrell John
farrj001	Farrell John
farrk101	Farrell Kerby
farrt101	Farrell Turk
farre001	Farris Eric
farrj107	Farrow John
fasas001	Fasano Sal
fastu101	Fass Frederick
fassj001	Fassero Jeff
fastd101	Fast Darcy
faszj101	Faszholz Jack
faulb101	Faul Bill
faula001	Faulkner Andrew
faulj101	Faulkner Jim
fausb101	Fausett Buck
fausc101	Faust Charlie
fautj101	Fautsch Joe
fauvc101	Fauver Clay
fazie101	Fazio Ernie
fearv101	Fear Vern
feasd901	Feaser Dick
featt001	Featherston Taylor
feblc001	Febles Carlos
fedea101	Federoff Al
fedet001	Federowicz Tim
fee-j101	Fee Jack
fehrb101	Fehring Dutch
feier001	Feierabend Ryan
feine101	Feinberg Eddie
feldm001	Felder Mike
feldm101	Felderman Marv
feldh101	Feldman Harry
felds001	Feldman Scott
felij002	Feliciano Jesus
felip002	Feliciano Pedro
felig101	Felix Gus
felih101	Felix Harry
felij001	Felix Junior
felim001	Feliz Michael
felin001	Feliz Neftali
felip001	Feliz Pedro
fellu901	Fell 
fellb101	Feller Bob
fellj101	Feller Jack
fellt901	Fellows T.E.
felsh101	Felsch Happy
felsj101	Felske John
feltt101	Felton Terry
fennf101	Fennelly Frank
fennh101	Fenner Hod
fennn901	Fenno Norman
fenwb101	Fenwick Bobby
feres101	Ferens Stan
ferga101	Ferguson Alex
fergb101	Ferguson Bob
fergb102	Ferguson Bob
fergg101	Ferguson Cecil
fergc101	Ferguson Charlie
fergc102	Ferguson Charlie
fergj101	Ferguson Joe
fermf001	Fermin Felix
fermr001	Fermin Ramon
ferne101	Fernandes Ed
ferna001	Fernandez Alex
fernc102	Fernandez Chico
fernc101	Fernandez Chico
fernf101	Fernandez Frank
fernj002	Fernandez Jared
fernj001	Fernandez Jose
fernj003	Fernandez Jose
fernn101	Fernandez Nanny
ferno001	Fernandez Osvaldo
ferns001	Fernandez Sid
fernt001	Fernandez Tony
ferra101	Ferrara Al
ferrd102	Ferrarese Don
ferra001	Ferrari Anthony
ferrm101	Ferraro Mike
ferrb102	Ferrazzi Bill
ferrt001	Ferreira Tony
ferrj001	Ferrell Jeff
ferrr101	Ferrell Rick
ferrw101	Ferrell Wes
ferrs101	Ferrer Sergio
ferrt101	Ferrick Tom
ferrb101	Ferris Bob
ferrh101	Ferris Hobe
ferrd101	Ferriss Dave
ferrc101	Ferry Cy
ferrj101	Ferry Jack
fersa101	Ferson Alex
fessw801	Fessenden Wally
fettl101	Fette Lou
fettm001	Fetters Mike
fetzw101	Fetzer Willy
fewsc101	Fewster Chick
fialn101	Fiala Neil
fichm901	Fichter Mike
fickc001	Fick Chuckie
fickj901	Fick Jerry
fickj101	Fick John
fickr001	Fick Robert
fidrm101	Fidrych Mark
fiebc101	Fieber Clarence
fielj102	Field Jim
fieln001	Field Nate
fiels101	Field Sam
fielt001	Field Thomas
fielc001	Fielder Cecil
fielp001	Fielder Prince
fielb001	Fields Bruce
field001	Fields Daniel
fielg101	Fields George
fielj101	Fields Jocko
fielj001	Fields Josh
fielj002	Fields Josh
fiels901	Fields Steve
fienc001	Fien Casey
fienl101	Fiene Lou
fierm001	Fiers Michael
fifed101	Fife Danny
fifes001	Fife Stephen
fifij101	Fifield Jack
figaa001	Figaro Alfredo
figgm001	Figga Mike
figgf101	Figgemeier Frank
figgc001	Figgins Chone
figub001	Figueroa Bien
figuc001	Figueroa Cole
figue101	Figueroa Ed
figuj101	Figueroa Jesus
figul001	Figueroa Luis
figun001	Figueroa Nelson
figup001	Figueroa Pedro
fikaj001	Fikac Jeremy
fileb001	File Bob
files101	File Sam
filet001	Filer Tom
filee101	Files Eddie
filis101	Filipowicz Steve
fillm101	Filley Mark
filld101	Fillingim Dana
filsp001	Filson Pete
fimpj001	Fimple Jack
fincj101	Finch Joel
fincb101	Fincher Bill
finet101	Fine Tommy
fingr001	Fingers Rollie
finij101	Finigan Jim
finkh101	Fink Herman
finlp101	Finlayson Pembroke
finlb101	Finley Bill
finlb102	Finley Bob
finlc001	Finley Chuck
finls001	Finley Steve
finnn101	Finn Neal
finnb001	Finnegan Brandon
finnw901	Finneran Bill
finnh102	Finneran Happy
finnh101	Finney Hal
finnl101	Finney Lou
finng001	Finnvold Gar
fiorm101	Fiore Mike
fiort001	Fiore Tony
fiorj001	Fiorentino Jeffrey
fires001	Fireovid Steve
firod001	Firova Dan
firtt101	Firth John
fiscb101	Fischer Bill
fiscb801	Fischer Brad
fiscc101	Fischer Carl
fisch101	Fischer Hank
fiscj001	Fischer Jeff
fishu102	Fischer John
fiscr101	Fischer Rube
fisct001	Fischer Todd
fiscw101	Fischer William
fiscm001	Fischlin Mike
fishs102	Fishburn Sam
fishj001	Fishel John
fishl101	Fishel Leo
fisht103	Fisher Bob
fishb001	Fisher Brian
fishc001	Fisher Carlos
fishc105	Fisher Charles
fishc104	Fisher Charlie
fishc103	Fisher Chauncey
fishc102	Fisher Cherokee
fishc101	Fisher Clarence
fishd101	Fisher Don
fishe101	Fisher Ed
fishe102	Fisher Eddie
fishf901	Fisher Frank
fishf101	Fisher Fritz
fishg102	Fisher George
fishg101	Fisher Gus
fishh101	Fisher Harry
fishn101	Fisher Ike
fishj101	Fisher Jack
fishm101	Fisher Maurice
fishr101	Fisher Ray
fishr102	Fisher Red
fishs101	Fisher Showboat
fisht102	Fisher Tom
fisht101	Fisher Tom
fishw101	Fisher Wilbur
fiskc001	Fisk Carlton
fiskm101	Fiske Max
fislw101	Fisler Wes
fistd001	Fister Doug
fittp101	Fittery Paul
fitze101	Fitz Gerald Ed
fitzc101	Fitzberger Charlie
fitzb001	Fitzgerald Brian
fitzd101	Fitzgerald Dennis
fitzh101	Fitzgerald Howard
fitzj801	Fitzgerald Joe
fitzj101	Fitzgerald John
fitzj103	Fitzgerald John
fitzj104	Fitzgerald John
fitzm101	Fitzgerald Matty
fitzm102	Fitzgerald Mike
fitzm001	Fitzgerald Mike
fitzm002	Fitzgerald Mike
fitzr101	Fitzgerald Ray
fitzw101	Fitzgerald Warren
fitzp101	Fitzke Paul
fitzs101	Fitzmaurice Shaun
fitza101	Fitzmorris Al
fitze102	Fitzpatrick Ed
fitzj802	Fitzpatrick John
fitzm901	Fitzpatrick Mike
fitzf101	Fitzsimmons Freddie
fitzt101	Fitzsimmons Tom
flacm101	Flack Max
flagw101	Flager Wally
flagi101	Flagstead Ira
flahj001	Flaherty John
flahm101	Flaherty Martin
flahp102	Flaherty Pat
flahp101	Flaherty Patsy
flahr901	Flaherty Red
flahr001	Flaherty Ryan
flaia101	Flair Al
flane101	Flanagan Ed
flanm001	Flanagan Mike
flans101	Flanagan Steamer
flany001	Flande Yohan
flanr101	Flanigan Ray
flant101	Flanigan Tom
flanj101	Flannery John
flant001	Flannery Tim
flanc101	Flannigan Charlie
flasr101	Flaskamper Ray
flatj101	Flater Jack
flavj101	Flavin John
fleef101	Fleet Frank
fleia101	Fleitas Angel
flemb101	Fleming Bill
flemd001	Fleming Dave
fleml101	Fleming Les
flemt101	Fleming Tom
flemt901	Fleming Tom
flenh001	Flener Huck
fleta901	Fletcher Andy
fleta101	Fletcher Art
fletd001	Fletcher Darrin
flete101	Fletcher Elbie
fletf101	Fletcher Frank
fletg101	Fletcher George
fletp001	Fletcher Paul
flets101	Fletcher Sam
flets001	Fletcher Scott
flett101	Fletcher Tom
fletv101	Fletcher Van
flice101	Flick Elmer
flicl101	Flick Lew
flind101	Flinn Don
flinj101	Flinn John
flins101	Flint Silver
flith101	Flitcraft Hilly
flohm101	Flohr Mort
flooc101	Flood Curt
floot101	Flood Tim
flork001	Flora Kevin
florj901	Floras John
flord001	Florence Don
florp101	Florence Paul
florg101	Flores Gil
florj101	Flores Jesse
florj002	Flores Jesus
florj001	Flores Jose
flork002	Flores Kendry
florr003	Flores Ramon
florr001	Flores Randy
florr002	Flores Ron
florw001	Flores Wilmer
florb001	Florie Bryce
florp001	Florimon Pedro
flowb101	Flowers Ben
flowd101	Flowers Dickie
flowj101	Flowers Jake
flowt001	Flowers Tyler
floww101	Flowers Wes
floyb101	Floyd Bobby
floyb102	Floyd Bubba
floyc001	Floyd Cliff
floyg001	Floyd Gavin
fluhj101	Fluhrer John
flynb001	Flynn Brian
flync102	Flynn Carney
flync101	Flynn Clipper
flynd001	Flynn Doug
flyne101	Flynn Ed
flyng101	Flynn George
flynj103	Flynn Jocko
flynj101	Flynn Joe
flynj102	Flynn John
flynm101	Flynn Mike
flyts101	Flythe Stu
fodgg101	Fodge Gene
fogaj102	Fogarty Jim
fogaj101	Fogarty John
fogeh801	Fogel Horace
foggj001	Fogg Josh
fohll101	Fohl Lee
foilh101	Foiles Hank
folec101	Foley Curry
folej101	Foley John
folem001	Foley Marv
foler101	Foley Ray
folet101	Foley Tom
folet001	Foley Tom
folew101	Foley Will
folit001	Foli Tim
folkr101	Folkers Rich
follb901	Follmer Bill
foltm001	Foltynewicz Mike
fondd101	Fondy Dee
fonsl101	Fonseca Lew
fontw001	Font Wilmer
fontj001	Fontenot Joe
fontm001	Fontenot Mike
fontr001	Fontenot Ray
fonvc001	Fonville Chad
foorj101	Foor Jim
footb101	Foote Barry
foppj001	Foppert Jesse
foraj101	Foran Jim
forbp001	Forbes P.J.
forcd101	Force Davy
fordb002	Ford Ben
fordc001	Ford Curt
fordd901	Ford Dale
fordd001	Ford Dan
fordd002	Ford Darren
fordd101	Ford Dave
forde101	Ford Ed
fordg101	Ford Gene
fordg102	Ford Gene
fordh101	Ford Hod
fordl001	Ford Lew
fordm001	Ford Matt
fordr101	Ford Russ
fordt102	Ford Ted
fordt101	Ford Tom
fordw901	Ford Wade
fordw102	Ford Wenty
fordw101	Ford Whitey
fordw103	Ford William
fordt001	Fordham Tom
fordb001	Fordyce Brook
foreb101	Foreman Brownie
foref101	Foreman Frank
foreh101	Foreman Happy
forma901	Forman Al
formb101	Forman Bill
forne001	Fornataro Eric
fornm101	Fornieles Mike
forsb001	Forsch Bob
forsk001	Forsch Ken
forss001	Forster Scott
forst001	Forster Terry
forst101	Forster Tom
forse101	Forsyth Ed
forsl001	Forsythe Logan
fortt001	Fortugno Tim
fortb001	Fortunato Bartolome
fortg101	Fortune Gary
fosnj101	Fosnow Jerry
fossg101	Foss George
fossl101	Foss Larry
fosst001	Fossas Tony
fossr101	Fosse Ray
fossc001	Fossum Casey
fosta101	Foster Alan
foste102	Foster Ed
foste103	Foster Eddie
foste101	Foster Elmer
fostg001	Foster George
fostj001	Foster John
fostk001	Foster Kevin
fostk002	Foster Kris
fostl102	Foster Larry
fostl101	Foster Leo
fostm901	Foster Marty
fostp101	Foster Pop
fostr102	Foster Reddy
fostr104	Foster Robert
fostr101	Foster Roy
fostr103	Foster Rube
fosts001	Foster Steve
fothb101	Fothergill Bob
foucs101	Foucault Steve
foulk001	Foulke Keith
foune901	Fountain Edward
founh901	Fountain Henry
fourh101	Fournier Henry
fourj101	Fournier Jack
fousb101	Fouser Bill
foutd101	Foutz Dave
foutf101	Foutz Frank
fowla101	Fowler Art
fowlb101	Fowler Boob
fowld001	Fowler Dexter
fowld101	Fowler Dick
fowlg901	Fowler Gene
fowlj101	Fowler Jesse
fowlw901	Fowler Wheeler
fowla001	Fowlkes Alan
fox-a001	Fox Andy
fox-b101	Fox Bill
fox-c001	Fox Chad
fox-c101	Fox Charlie
fox-e001	Fox Eric
fox-p101	Fox George
fox-h101	Fox Howie
fox-j101	Fox Jack
fox-h102	Fox Jacob
fox-j001	Fox Jake
fox-j102	Fox John
fox-m001	Fox Matt
fox-n101	Fox Nellie
fox-p102	Fox Pete
fox-t101	Fox Terry
foxeb101	Foxen Bill
foxxj101	Foxx Jimmie
foy-j101	Foy Joe
foytp101	Foytack Paul
fraik101	Frailing Ken
frano101	France Ossie
frane101	Francis Earl
franj003	Francis Jeff
franr101	Francis Ray
franb001	Francisco Ben
franf001	Francisco Frank
franj005	Francisco Juan
franj001	Franco John
franj002	Franco Julio
franm004	Franco Maikel
franm001	Franco Matt
franj004	Francoeur Jeff
frant001	Francona Terry
frant101	Francona Tito
frank001	Frandsen Kevin
franc101	Frank Charlie
franf102	Frank Fred
franm003	Frank Mike
franf101	Frankhouse Fred
franu101	Franklin 
franj102	Franklin Jack
franj101	Franklin Jay
franm002	Franklin Micah
franm101	Franklin Moe
frann001	Franklin Nick
franr001	Franklin Ryan
franw001	Franklin Wayne
franh101	Franks Herman
frana901	Frantz Art
frarr901	Frary Ralph
frasj001	Frascatore John
frasc101	Fraser Chick
frasw001	Fraser Willie
frasj002	Frasor Jason
frazg801	Frazier George
frazg001	Frazier George
frazj001	Frazier Jeff
frazj101	Frazier Joe
frazl001	Frazier Lou
frazt001	Frazier Todd
frasv101	Frazier Vic
fredj101	Frederick Johnny
fredk001	Frederick Kevin
freds001	Fredrickson Scott
freee101	Freed Ed
freer101	Freed Roger
freeb103	Freehan Bill
freer001	Freel Ryan
freeb901	Freels Bob
freeb102	Freeman Buck
freeb101	Freeman Buck
freec001	Freeman Choo
freef001	Freeman Freddie
freeh102	Freeman Harvey
freeh101	Freeman Hersh
freej105	Freeman Jerry
freej104	Freeman Jimmy
freej101	Freeman John
freej103	Freeman Julie
freej001	Freeman Justin
freel001	Freeman LaVel
freem101	Freeman Mark
freem001	Freeman Marvin
frees001	Freeman Sam
freed001	Freese David
freeg102	Freese Gene
freeg101	Freese George
freet901	Freese Todd
freej102	Freeze Jake
fregj101	Fregosi Jim
freiv101	Freiburger Vern
freih101	Freigau Howard
frein001	Freiman Nate
freia001	Freire Alejandro
freid101	Freisleben Dave
freit101	Freitas Tony
frenb101	French Bill
frenc101	French Charlie
frenj101	French Jim
frenl101	French Larry
frenl001	French Lucas
frenp101	French Pat
frenr101	French Ray
frenw101	French Walt
frief101	Freund Frank
freyb101	Frey Benny
freyj801	Frey Jim
freyl101	Frey Lonny
freys001	Frey Steve
friac001	Frias Carlos
friah001	Frias Hanley
friap101	Frias Pepe
fribb101	Friberg Bernie
fricm101	Fricano Marion
frids101	Friday Skipper
fridj101	Fridley Jim
friec101	Fried Cy
friec001	Friedrich Christian
frieb104	Friedrichs Bob
frieb103	Friel Bill
friep102	Friel Pat
frieb102	Friend Bob
fried101	Friend Danny
frieo101	Friend Owen
friee001	Frieri Ernesto
frieb101	Frierson Buck
friep101	Fries Pete
frilj101	Frill John
frinf101	Frink Fred
frisc101	Frisbee Charlie
frisf101	Frisch Frankie
frisd101	Frisella Danny
frise101	Frisk Emil
fritc101	Fritz Charlie
frith101	Fritz Harry
fritl101	Fritz Larry
froab101	Froats Bill
frobd001	Frobel Doug
frocs101	Frock Sam
froeb101	Froehlich Al
froeb901	Froemming Bruce
froeg901	Froese Grover
froht001	Frohwirth Todd
froma101	Fromme Art
frosd101	Frost Dave
frute001	Fruto Emiliano
fry-j102	Fry Jerry
fry-j101	Fry Johnson
fryec101	Frye Charlie
fryej001	Frye Jeff
fryee001	Fryer Eric
frymt001	Fryman Travis
frymw101	Fryman Woodie
fuchc101	Fuchs Charlie
fuche801	Fuchs Judge
fuchl901	Fuchs Lester
fuenb001	Fuentes Brian
fuenm101	Fuentes Miguel
fuenm001	Fuentes Mike
fuenr001	Fuentes Reymond
fuent101	Fuentes Tito
fugej901	Fugere Joseph
fuhro102	Fuhr Oscar
fuhro101	Fuhrman Ollie
fujik001	Fujikawa Kyuji
fukuk001	Fukudome Kosuke
fukuk002	Fukumori Kazuo
fulcj001	Fulchino Jeff
fulds001	Fuld Sam
fulgj101	Fulgham John
fulgd101	Fulghum Dot
fulle101	Fuller Ed
fullf101	Fuller Frank
fullh101	Fuller Harry
fullj102	Fuller Jim
fullj101	Fuller John
fulln101	Fuller Nig
fulls101	Fuller Shorty
fullv101	Fuller Vern
fullc102	Fullerton Curt
fullc101	Fullis Chick
fullb001	Fullmer Brad
fullt901	Fullwood Troy
fulmc102	Fulmer Chick
fulmc101	Fulmer Chris
fulmw101	Fulmer Washington
fultb001	Fulton Bill
fulta001	Fultz Aaron
fultd101	Fultz Dave
fultf801	Fultz Frank
fundm001	Funderburk Mark
funkf101	Funk Frank
funkl101	Funk Liz
funkt001	Funk Tom
funnt901	Funneman Tyler
furbc001	Furbush Charlie
furcr001	Furcal Rafael
furic101	Furillo Carl
furlb901	Furlong Bill
furmj001	Furmaniak J.J.
fusse101	Fusselback Eddie
fussc001	Fussell Chris
fussf101	Fussell Fred
fussl101	Fusselman Les
fyfel901	Fyfe Lu
fyhrm001	Fyhrie Mike
gabbk001	Gabbard Kason
gabia001	Gabino Armando
gablf101	Gabler Frank
gablg101	Gabler Gabe
gablg102	Gabler John
gablk101	Gables Ken
gabrl101	Gabrielson Len
gabrl102	Gabrielson Len
gaddj101	Gaddy John
gaede101	Gaedel Eddie
gaetg001	Gaetti Gary
gaffb001	Gaff Brent
gafff101	Gaffke Fabian
gaffj801	Gaffney John
gaglp101	Gagliano Phil
gaglr101	Gagliano Ralph
gagne001	Gagne Eric
gagng001	Gagne Greg
gagne101	Gagnier Ed
gagnc101	Gagnon Chick
gaile001	Gaillard Eddie
gaind101	Gainer Del
gainj001	Gainer Jay
gainj101	Gaines Joe
gainn101	Gaines Nemo
gaint001	Gainey Ty
gaisf101	Gaiser Fred
gajks001	Gajkowski Steve
gaked001	Gakeler Dan
galaa101	Galan Augie
galam801	Galante Matt
galaa001	Galarraga Andres
galaa002	Galarraga Armando
galab101	Galasso Bob
galam101	Galatzer Milt
galer001	Gale Rich
galer002	Gale Rocky
galed101	Galehouse Denny
gallj001	Gall John
galla101	Gallagher Al
gallb104	Gallagher Bill
gallb101	Gallagher Bob
galld001	Gallagher Dave
galld101	Gallagher Doug
galle101	Gallagher Ed
gallg101	Gallagher Gil
gallj104	Gallagher Jackie
gallj103	Gallagher Joe
gallj105	Gallagher John
galll901	Gallagher Larry
galls001	Gallagher Sean
galls101	Gallagher Shorty
gallw102	Gallagher William
gally001	Gallardo Yovani
galls102	Galle Stan
gallm001	Gallego Mike
gallb103	Gallia Bert
gallj102	Galligan John
gallj106	Galligan Pete
gallp101	Gallivan Phil
gallj002	Gallo Joey
gallm002	Gallo Mike
gallc101	Galloway Chick
gallj101	Galloway Jim
galvb001	Galvez Balvino
galvj102	Galvin Jim
galvj101	Galvin John
galvl101	Galvin Lou
galvj103	Galvin Pud
galvf001	Galvis Freddy
gambb101	Gamble Bob
gambj101	Gamble John
gambl101	Gamble Lee
gambo001	Gamble Oscar
gambt801	Gamboa Tom
gamem001	Gamel Mat
gammd101	Gammons Daff
gandg001	Gandarillas Gus
gandc101	Gandil Chick
gandb101	Gandy Bob
ganlb101	Ganley Bob
gannb101	Gannon Bill
ganng101	Gannon Gussie
gannj101	Gannon Joe
gantr001	Gant Ron
gantj101	Gantenbein Joe
gantj001	Gantner Jim
ganzb101	Ganzel Babe
ganzc101	Ganzel Charlie
ganzj101	Ganzel John
garae001	Garabito Eddy
garaj101	Garagiola Joe
garak001	Garagozzo Keith
garav001	Garate Victor
garbb102	Garbark Bob
garbm101	Garbark Mike
garbb101	Garber Bob
garbg001	Garber Gene
garbb001	Garbey Barbaro
garba101	Garbowski Alex
garcf003	Garces Frank
garcr001	Garces Rich
garca004	Garcia Adonis
garca001	Garcia Amaury
garca002	Garcia Anderson
garca003	Garcia Avisail
garcc001	Garcia Carlos
garcc101	Garcia Chico
garcc002	Garcia Christian
garcd001	Garcia Damaso
garcd002	Garcia Daniel
garcd101	Garcia Danny
garcd801	Garcia Dave
garcf001	Garcia Freddy
garcf002	Garcia Freddy
garcg002	Garcia Greg
garcg001	Garcia Guillermo
garch001	Garcia Harvey
garcj004	Garcia Jaime
garcj005	Garcia Jason
garcj001	Garcia Jesse
garcj003	Garcia Jose
garck002	Garcia Karim
garck001	Garcia Kiko
garcl001	Garcia Leo
garcl004	Garcia Leury
garcl002	Garcia Luis
garcl003	Garcia Luis
garcl005	Garcia Luis
garcm001	Garcia Miguel
garcm101	Garcia Mike
garcm002	Garcia Mike
garco001	Garcia Onelki
garcp101	Garcia Pedro
garcr102	Garcia Ralph
garcr101	Garcia Ramon
garcr002	Garcia Ramon
garcr003	Garcia Reynaldo
garcr901	Garcia Rich
garcr004	Garcia Rosman
garcy001	Garcia Yimi
garcn001	Garciaparra Nomar
garda104	Gardella Al
gardd101	Gardella Danny
gardr001	Gardenhire Ron
garda103	Gardiner Art
gardm002	Gardiner Mike
garda102	Gardner Alex
garda101	Gardner Art
gardb102	Gardner Bill
gardb101	Gardner Billy
gardb001	Gardner Brett
gardc001	Gardner Chris
garde101	Gardner Earle
gardg102	Gardner Gid
gardg101	Gardner Glenn
gardh101	Gardner Harry
gardj001	Gardner Jeff
gardj101	Gardner Jim
gardl101	Gardner Larry
gardl001	Gardner Lee
gardm001	Gardner Mark
gardr102	Gardner Ray
gardr101	Gardner Rob
gardw001	Gardner Wes
garfb101	Garfield Bill
garia101	Garibaldi Art
garib101	Garibaldi Bob
garid001	Garibay Daniel
garkr001	Garko Ryan
garlj001	Garland Jon
garll101	Garland Lou
garlw101	Garland Wayne
garmj901	Garman Jim
garmm101	Garman Mike
garmd101	Garms Debs
garnd001	Garneau Dustin
garnc001	Garner Cole
garnp001	Garner Phil
garow101	Garoni Willie
garrr101	Garr Ralph
garrs001	Garrelts Scott
garra101	Garrett Adrian
garrc103	Garrett Clarence
garrg102	Garrett Greg
garrw101	Garrett Wayne
garrg101	Garrido Gil
garrc901	Garrigan Charles
garrc102	Garriott Cecil
garrc101	Garrison Cliff
garrf101	Garrison Ford
garrs002	Garrison Steve
garrw001	Garrison Webster
garrh101	Garrity Hank
garrj101	Garry Jim
garvn102	Garver Ned
garvs001	Garvey Steve
garvj101	Garvin Jerry
garvn101	Garvin Ned
garzm001	Garza Matt
gasph101	Gaspar Harry
gaspr101	Gaspar Rod
gassc101	Gassaway Charlie
gassd001	Gassner Dave
gastj001	Gast John
gastt101	Gastall Tom
gaste101	Gastfield Ed
gasta101	Gaston Alex
gastc101	Gaston Cito
gastm101	Gaston Milt
gastw101	Gaston Welcome
gasth101	Gastright Hank
gateb001	Gates Brent
gatej101	Gates Joe
gatem101	Gates Mike
gatea101	Gatewood Aubrey
gathj001	Gathright Joey
gatif101	Gatins Frank
gatte001	Gattis Evan
gaubj001	Gaub John
gaudj101	Gaudet Jim
gaudc001	Gaudin Chad
gaulm101	Gaule Mike
gausk001	Gausman Kevin
gautd101	Gautreau Doc
gauts101	Gautreaux Sid
gaveu101	Gavern 
gaw-c101	Gaw Chippy
gazem101	Gazella Mike
geard102	Gear Dale
gearg101	Gearhart Gary
geard101	Gearin Dinty
gearc001	Gearrin Cory
gearb101	Geary Bob
gearg001	Geary Geoff
gearh101	Geary Huck
gebhb101	Gebhard Bob
gebrp101	Gebrian Pete
geddj101	Geddes Jim
gedej102	Gedeon Elmer
gedej101	Gedeon Joe
gedmr001	Gedman Rich
gednc101	Gedney Count
gee-d001	Gee Dillon
gee-j101	Gee Johnny
geerb101	Geer Billy
geerj001	Geer Josh
gaguc101	Geggus Charlie
gehrl101	Gehrig Lou
gehrh101	Gehring Hank
gehrc101	Gehringer Charlie
gehrp101	Gehrman Paul
geiep101	Geier Phil
geigg101	Geiger Gary
geisd001	Geisel Dave
geish901	Geisel Harry
geisv101	Geishert Vern
geisb101	Geiss Bill
geise101	Geiss Emil
gelbc101	Gelbert Charlie
gelnj101	Gelnar John
gelts001	Geltz Steve
genej101	Genewich Joe
genif101	Genins Frank
genns001	Gennett Scooter
genog101	Genovese George
gentj101	Gentile Jim
gents101	Gentile Sam
gentc001	Gentry Craig
gentg101	Gentry Gary
genth101	Gentry Harvey
gentr101	Gentry Rufe
geora101	George Alex
georb101	George Bill
georc001	George Chris
georc002	George Chris
geore901	George Ed
georg101	George Greek
georl101	George Lefty
georo101	Georgy Oscar
gerab101	Geraghty Ben
gerad101	Gerard Dave
gerbc001	Gerber Craig
gerbw101	Gerber Wally
gerbg101	Gerberman George
gereb001	Geren Bob
gerhj101	Gerhardt Joe
gerhr101	Gerhardt Rusty
gerhk001	Gerhart Ken
gerha101	Gerheauser Al
gerkg101	Gerken George
gerks101	Gerkin Steve
gerlj101	Gerlach Johnny
germe001	German Esteban
germf001	German Franklyn
germl101	German Les
germj001	Germano Justin
germg001	Germen Gonzalez
gerne101	Gerner Ed
gernd101	Gernert Dick
geroc101	Geronimo Cesar
gertl101	Gertenrich Lou
geruj001	Gerut Jody
gervs001	Gervacio Samuel
gervl101	Gervais Lefty
gessd101	Gessler Doc
gessc101	Gessner Charlie
getta101	Gettel Al
gettc101	Gettig Charlie
gettt101	Gettinger Tom
gettb001	Gettis Byron
gettj101	Gettman Jake
getzc001	Getz Chris
getzg101	Getz Gus
getzp101	Getzien Pretzels
geyer101	Geyer Rube
geygc101	Geygan Chappie
gharp101	Gharrity Patsy
ghelt101	Ghelfi Tony
gialb101	Giallombardo Bob
giamj001	Giambi Jason
giamj002	Giambi Jeremy
gianr001	Giannelli Ray
gianj101	Giannini Joe
giarb901	Giard Bob
giarj101	Giard Joe
giart001	Giarratano Tony
giavj001	Giavotella Johnny
gibbj102	Gibbon Joe
gibbb901	Gibbons Brian
gibbj002	Gibbons Jay
gibbj001	Gibbons John
gibbj101	Gibbs Jake
gibrs001	Gibralter Steve
gibsb101	Gibson Bob
gibsb001	Gibson Bob
gibsc102	Gibson Charlie
gibsc101	Gibson Charlie
gibsd001	Gibson Derrick
gibsf101	Gibson Frank
gibsg101	Gibson George
gibsg901	Gibson Greg
gibsk001	Gibson Kirk
gibsk002	Gibson Kyle
gibsn101	Gibson Norwood
gibsp001	Gibson Paul
gibsr101	Gibson Robert
gibsr102	Gibson Russ
gibss101	Gibson Sam
gibsh902	Gibson Tripp
gibsw101	Gibson Whitey
gickg101	Gick George
gideb001	Gideon Brett
gidej101	Gideon Jim
giebj101	Giebel Joe
giebf101	Giebell Floyd
gielp101	Giel Paul
giesd001	Giese Dan
giffj801	Gifford Jim
giggb101	Giggie Bob
gigon101	Gigon Norm
gil-b001	Gil Benji
gil-g001	Gil Geronimo
gil-g101	Gil Gus
gil-j001	Gil Jerry
gilba101	Gilbert Andy
gilbb102	Gilbert Bill
gilbb103	Gilbert Billy
gilbb104	Gilbert Buddy
gilbc101	Gilbert Charlie
gilbh101	Gilbert Harry
gilbj101	Gilbert Jack
gilbj103	Gilbert Joe
gilbj102	Gilbert John
gilbl101	Gilbert Larry
gilbm001	Gilbert Mark
gilbp101	Gilbert Pete
gilbs001	Gilbert Shawn
gilbt101	Gilbert Tookie
gilbw101	Gilbert Wally
gilbr101	Gilbreath Rod
gilbb101	Gilbreth Bill
giled101	Gile Don
gileb001	Giles Brian
gileb002	Giles Brian
gilek001	Giles Ken
gilem001	Giles Marcus
gilfj001	Gilfillan Jason
gilgh101	Gilgan Hugh
gilhg101	Gilham George
gilhf101	Gilhooley Frank
gilkb001	Gilkey Bernard
gilkb101	Gilks Bob
gille101	Gill Ed
gillg103	Gill George
gillh101	Gill Haddie
gillj106	Gill Jim
gillj105	Gill Johnny
gillt901	Gill Tommy
gillw101	Gill Warren
gillc001	Gillaspie Conor
gillt902	Gillean Tom
gills101	Gillen Sam
gillt101	Gillen Tom
gillc102	Gillenwater Carden
gillc101	Gillenwater Claral
gillt001	Gilles Tom
gillb102	Gillespie Bob
gillc002	Gillespie Cole
gillj104	Gillespie John
gillj103	Gillespie John
gillp101	Gillespie Patrick
gillp103	Gillespie Paul
gillj102	Gilliam Jim
gillp102	Gilliford Paul
gillb101	Gilligan Barney
gillj101	Gilligan Jack
gillg102	Gillis Grant
gillg101	Gillpatrick George
gilmj102	Gilman Jim
gilmp101	Gilman Pit
gilms001	Gilmartin Sean
gilmf101	Gilmore Frank
gilmg101	Gilmore Grover
gilmj101	Gilmore Jim
gilml101	Gilmore Len
gilru101	Gilroy Henry
gilrj101	Gilroy John
gilsh101	Gilson Hal
gimec001	Gimenez Chris
gimeh001	Gimenez Hector
gindc001	Gindl Caleb
gingb101	Ging Billy
gingj101	Gingras Joe
ginnt101	Ginn Rucker
ginsj101	Ginsberg Joe
gintk001	Ginter Keith
gintm001	Ginter Matt
giona101	Gionfriddo Al
giort101	Giordano Tommy
giove001	Giovanola Ed
gipsc001	Gipson Charles
girac101	Girard Charlie
giraj001	Girardi Joe
gisot901	Gisondi Tony
gissc001	Gissell Chris
giult101	Giuliani Tony
giusd101	Giusti Dave
giveb001	Givens Brian
givem001	Givens Mychal
gladj101	Gladd Jim
gladd001	Gladden Dan
gladf102	Gladding Fred
gladf101	Glade Fred
gladb101	Gladmon Buck
gladr101	Gladu Rolland
glaij101	Glaiser John
gland001	Glanville Doug
glasn101	Glaser Norman
glast101	Glass Tom
glasj101	Glasscock Jack
glauk001	Glauber Keith
glaut001	Glaus Troy
glavl101	Glavenich Luke
glavt101	Glaviano Tommy
glavm001	Glavine Mike
glavt001	Glavine Tom
glazr101	Glaze Ralph
glazw101	Glazner Whitey
gleab102	Gleason Bill
gleab103	Gleason Bill
gleab101	Gleason Billy
gleah101	Gleason Harry
gleaj102	Gleason Jack
gleaj101	Gleason Joe
gleak101	Gleason Kid
glear101	Gleason Roy
gleaj001	Gleaton Jerry
gleej101	Gleeson Jim
gleif101	Gleich Frank
glenb102	Glenalvin Bob
glenm101	Glendon Martin
glenb101	Glenn Bob
glenb001	Glenn Brad
glene102	Glenn Ed
glene101	Glenn Ed
glenh101	Glenn Harry
glenj101	Glenn Joe
glenj102	Glenn John
glenj103	Glenn John
glias101	Gliatto Sal
gling001	Glinatsis George
gloar001	Gload Ross
glocn101	Glockson Norm
glosa101	Glossop Al
glovf901	Glover Frank
glovg001	Glover Gary
glynb101	Glynn Bill
glyne001	Glynn Ed
glyng801	Glynn Gene
glynr001	Glynn Ryan
goarj101	Goar Jot
gobbj001	Gobble Jimmy
gochj101	Gochnaur John
godaj101	Godar John
godbd101	Godby Danny
goddj101	Goddard Joe
godfg001	Godfrey Graham
godlz001	Godley Zack
godwj101	Godwin John
godwt001	Godwin Tyrell
goebj001	Goebbert Jake
goebe101	Goebel Ed
goecb101	Goeckel Billy
goece901	Goeckel Ed
goede001	Goeddel Erik
goetg101	Goetz George
goetj101	Goetz John
goetl901	Goetz Larry
goetr901	Goetz Russ
goffj001	Goff Jerry
goffm801	Goff Mike
gofod001	Goforth David
goggc101	Goggin Chuck
gogob101	Gogolewski Bill
coheg901	Gohen George
gohrg001	Gohr Greg
goinr001	Goins Ryan
goldj102	Golden Jim
goldm101	Golden Mike
goldr101	Golden Roy
goldj101	Goldman Jonah
goldg101	Goldsberry Gordon
goldw102	Goldsby Walt
goldp001	Goldschmidt Paul
goldf101	Goldsmith Fred
goldh101	Goldsmith Hal
goldw101	Goldsmith Wally
goldi101	Goldstein Izzy
goldl101	Goldstein Lonnie
goldp101	Goldy Purnal
goles101	Goletz Stan
golim101	Goliat Mike
golsg001	Golson Greg
goltd101	Goltz Dave
golvw101	Golvin Walt
gomeb001	Gomes Brandon
gomej001	Gomes Jonny
gomew001	Gomes Wayne
gomey001	Gomes Yan
gomea001	Gomez Alexis
gomec002	Gomez Carlos
gomec101	Gomez Chile
gomec001	Gomez Chris
gomeh001	Gomez Hector
gomej002	Gomez Jeanmar
gomel102	Gomez Lefty
gomel001	Gomez Leo
gomel101	Gomez Luis
gomem001	Gomez Mauro
gomeo801	Gomez Orlando
gomep001	Gomez Pat
gomep101	Gomez Preston
gomer001	Gomez Randy
gomer101	Gomez Ruben
gondj101	Gonder Jesse
gonzd101	Gonzales Dan
gonzj103	Gonzales Joe
gonzl002	Gonzales Larry
gonzm005	Gonzales Marco
gonzr001	Gonzales Rene
gonzv101	Gonzales Vince
gonza003	Gonzalez Adrian
gonza005	Gonzalez Alberto
gonza001	Gonzalez Alex
gonza002	Gonzalez Alex
gonza004	Gonzalez Andy
gonzc001	Gonzalez Carlos
gonzc002	Gonzalez Chi Chi
gonzd001	Gonzalez Denny
gonzd002	Gonzalez Dicky
gonze001	Gonzalez Edgar
gonze003	Gonzalez Edgar
gonze002	Gonzalez Enrique
gonze101	Gonzalez Eusebio
gonzf101	Gonzalez Fernando
gonzf801	Gonzalez Fredi
gonzg002	Gonzalez Gabe
gonzj003	Gonzalez Geremi
gonzg001	Gonzalez German
gonzg003	Gonzalez Gio
gonzj001	Gonzalez Jose
gonzj002	Gonzalez Juan
gonzj102	Gonzalez Julio
gonzj101	Gonzalez Julio
gonzl003	Gonzalez Lariel
gonzl001	Gonzalez Luis
gonzl004	Gonzalez Luis
gonzm901	Gonzalez Manny
gonzm002	Gonzalez Marwin
gonzm003	Gonzalez Miguel
gonzm004	Gonzalez Miguel
gonzm006	Gonzalez Miguel
gonzm101	Gonzalez Mike
gonzm001	Gonzalez Mike
gonzo101	Gonzalez Orlando
gonzp101	Gonzalez Pedro
gonzr002	Gonzalez Raul
gonzs001	Gonzalez Severino
gonzt101	Gonzalez Tony
gonzw001	Gonzalez Wiki
goocc101	Gooch Charlie
goocj101	Gooch Johnny
goocl101	Gooch Lee
gooda001	Good Andrew
goodg101	Good Gene
goodr101	Good Ralph
goodw101	Good Wilbur
goodh101	Goodall Herb
goodj101	Goodell John
goodd001	Gooden Dwight
goodb102	Goodenough Bill
goodm101	Goodfellow Mike
goodb101	Goodman Billy
goodi101	Goodman Ival
goodj103	Goodman Jake
goode101	Goodson Ed
gooda101	Goodwin Art
goodc901	Goodwin Cheever
goodc101	Goodwin Clyde
goodc001	Goodwin Curtis
goodd101	Goodwin Danny
goodj102	Goodwin Jim
goodm102	Goodwin Marv
goodp101	Goodwin Pep
goodt001	Goodwin Tom
goodn001	Goody Nick
goolr101	Goolsby Ray
goosg101	Goossen Greg
gorbg101	Gorbous Glen
gordr101	Gordinier Ray
gorda001	Gordon Alex
gordb001	Gordon Brian
gordd002	Gordon Dee
gordd001	Gordon Don
gordj101	Gordon Joe
gordk001	Gordon Keith
gordm101	Gordon Mike
gords101	Gordon Sid
gordt001	Gordon Tom
gorea901	Gore Artie
goreg101	Gore George
goret001	Gore Terrance
gorer002	Gorecki Reid
gorer001	Gorecki Rick
goric101	Gorin Charlie
gorib101	Gorinski Bob
gormb901	Gorman Brian
gormh102	Gorman Herb
gormh101	Gorman Howie
gormj101	Gorman Jack
grayr101	Gorman Thomas
gormt101	Gorman Tom
gormt102	Gorman Tom
gormt001	Gorman Tom
gormj102	Gormley Joe
gornn001	Gorneault Nick
gornh101	Gornicki Hank
gorsj101	Gorsica Johnny
goryj101	Goryl Johnny
gorzt001	Gorzelanny Tom
gosea001	Gose Anthony
goset001	Gosewisch Tuffy
gosgj101	Gosger Jim
goslg101	Goslin Goose
goslm001	Gosling Mike
gosnj901	Gosney Jeff
gossh101	Goss Howie
gossr001	Gossage Rich
gossp001	Gosselin Phil
gossd101	Gossett Dick
gotaj101	Gotay Julio
gotar001	Gotay Ruben
gottj001	Gott Jim
gottt001	Gott Trevor
goult101	Goulait Ted
goula101	Gould Al
goulc101	Gould Charlie
gouln101	Goulish Nick
gouzc101	Gouzzie Claude
gowdh101	Gowdy Hank
gowel101	Gowell Larry
gozzm001	Gozzo Mauro
grabb101	Grabarkewitz Billy
grabr102	Graber Rod
grabj002	Grabow John
graba101	Grabowski Al
grabj001	Grabowski Jason
grabj101	Grabowski Johnny
grabr101	Grabowski Reggie
grace101	Grace Earl
gracj101	Grace Joe
gracm001	Grace Mark
gracm003	Grace Matt
gracm101	Grace Mike
gracm002	Grace Mike
gracf001	Gracesqui Frank
gradj101	Grady John
gradm101	Grady Mike
graff101	Graf Fred
grafj101	Graff John
grafl101	Graff Louis
grafm101	Graff Milt
graft001	Graffanino Tony
grafm801	Graffen Mase
grahb104	Graham Bernie
grahb103	Graham Bert
grahb101	Graham Bill
grahb801	Graham Brian
grahc101	Graham Charlie
grahd101	Graham Dan
grahj002	Graham J.R.
grahj901	Graham J.S.
grahj101	Graham Jack
grahb105	Graham James
grahl101	Graham Lee
grahm101	Graham Moonlight
graho101	Graham Oscar
grahp101	Graham Peaches
grahr101	Graham Roy
grahs901	Graham Scott
grahs101	Graham Skinny
grahs102	Graham Skinny
graht101	Graham Tiny
graht001	Graham Tyler
grahw101	Graham Wayne
grahb102	Grahame Bill
grahj001	Grahe Joe
grama001	Graman Alex
gramt101	Gramly Tommy
grama101	Grammas Alex
gramh101	Grampp Hank
grany001	Grandal Yasmani
granc001	Granderson Curtis
granj104	Graney Jack
granj001	Granger Jeff
granw101	Granger Wayne
grane101	Grant Eddie
grang101	Grant George
granj102	Grant Jim
granj103	Grant Jimmy
granm001	Grant Mark
granj101	Grant Mudcat
grant101	Grant Tom
grang102	Grantham George
grapr001	Grapenthin Rick
grasl101	Grasmick Lou
grasm101	Grasso Mickey
gratd101	Grate Don
gratm001	Grater Mark
gratb001	Graterol Beiker
graul101	Graulich Lew
gravk001	Graveman Kendall
gravd001	Graves Danny
gravf101	Graves Frank
gravj101	Graves Joe
gravs101	Graves Sid
greyb101	Gray Bill
grayc102	Gray Charlie
grayc101	Gray Chummy
grayd103	Gray Dave
grayd102	Gray Dick
grayd101	Gray Dolly
grayg101	Gray Gary
grayj001	Gray Jeff
grayj002	Gray Jeff
grayj102	Gray Jim
grayj101	Gray Johnny
grayj003	Gray Jon
grayl101	Gray Lorenzo
graym101	Gray Milt
grayp101	Gray Pete
grays102	Gray Sam
grays001	Gray Sonny
grays101	Gray Stan
grayt101	Gray Ted
grbae101	Grba Eli
greab101	Greason Bill
greau101	Greason John
grebc001	Grebeck Craig
greea001	Green Andy
greec001	Green Chris
greed101	Green Dallas
greed103	Green Danny
greed001	Green David
greed102	Green Dick
greee101	Green Ed
greef101	Green Fred
greeg001	Green Gary
greeg101	Green Gene
greeg002	Green Grant
greeh101	Green Harvey
greej001	Green Jason
greej105	Green Jim
greej104	Green Joe
greel101	Green Lenny
green001	Green Nick
greep102	Green Pumpsie
grees002	Green Scarborough
grees004	Green Sean
grees001	Green Shawn
grees003	Green Steve
greet005	Green Taylor
greet002	Green Tyler
greea002	Greenberg Adam
greeh102	Greenberg Hank
greea101	Greene Al
greec002	Greene Charlie
greej103	Greene June
greek002	Greene Khalil
green101	Greene Nelson
greep101	Greene Paddy
greer002	Greene Rick
grees005	Greene Shane
greet003	Greene Todd
greet001	Greene Tommy
greet004	Greene Tyler
greew001	Greene Willie
greek101	Greenfield Kent
greej102	Greengrass Jim
greej101	Greenig John
greem001	Greenwell Mike
greeb102	Greenwood Bill
greeb103	Greenwood Bob
green002	Greenwood Nick
greeb101	Greer Brian
greee102	Greer Ed
greek001	Greer Kenny
greer001	Greer Rusty
gregl001	Gregerson Luke
gregd101	Gregg Dave
grege901	Gregg Eric
gregh102	Gregg Hal
gregk001	Gregg Kevin
gregt001	Gregg Tommy
gregv101	Gregg Vean
gregt002	Gregorio Tom
gregd001	Gregorius Didi
gregf101	Gregory Frank
gregh101	Gregory Howie
gregl101	Gregory Lee
gregp101	Gregory Paul
gregg801	Gregson Goose
greib101	Greif Bill
greiz001	Greinke Zack
greis001	Greisinger Seth
greme101	Gremminger Ed
gremb101	Gremp Buddy
grevb101	Grevell Bill
greyr101	Grey Reddy
gricb001	Grich Bobby
gricr001	Grichuk Randal
griet102	Griesenbeck Tim
grieb001	Grieve Ben
grieb901	Grieve Bill
griet101	Grieve Tom
grifl101	Griffeth Lee
grifk001	Griffey Ken
grifk002	Griffey Ken
grifa002	Griffin A.J.
grifa001	Griffin Alfredo
grifd101	Griffin Doug
grifh101	Griffin Hank
grifi101	Griffin Ivy
grifj002	Griffin John-Ford
grifm102	Griffin Marty
grifm101	Griffin Mike
grifm001	Griffin Mike
grifp102	Griffin Pat
grifp101	Griffin Pug
grifs101	Griffin Sandy
grift103	Griffin Thomas
grift101	Griffin Tom
grifb101	Griffith Bert
grifc101	Griffith Clark
grifd102	Griffith Derrell
grife901	Griffith E.A.
griff101	Griffith Frank
grift102	Griffith Tommy
grifj001	Griffiths Jeremy
grifp801	Grifol Pedro
griga101	Griggs Art
grigh101	Griggs Hal
grigd101	Grigsby Denver
grilg101	Grilli Guido
grilj001	Grilli Jason
grils101	Grilli Steve
grimb102	Grim Bob
grimj101	Grim John
grimb101	Grimes Burleigh
grime101	Grimes Ed
grimj102	Grimes John
grimo101	Grimes Oscar
grimr103	Grimes Ray
grimr104	Grimes Roy
grimc101	Grimm Charlie
grimj002	Grimm Justin
grimm101	Grimshaw Moose
grimj001	Grimsley Jason
grimj901	Grimsley John
grimr102	Grimsley Ross
grimr101	Grimsley Ross
grins901	Grinder Scott
grind101	Griner Dan
grisl101	Grissom Lee
grism001	Grissom Marquis
grism101	Grissom Marv
groad101	Groat Dick
grobc101	Grob Connie
grodj101	Grodzicki Johnny
grohh101	Groh Heinie
grohl101	Groh Lew
groms101	Gromek Steve
gronl001	Gronkiewicz Lee
groob101	Groom Bob
groob001	Groom Buddy
groor901	Grooms Roger
grosh102	Groskloss Howdy
grosd101	Gross Don
grose101	Gross Emil
grosg002	Gross Gabe
grosg001	Gross Greg
grosk001	Gross Kevin
grosk002	Gross Kip
grost101	Gross Turkey
grosw001	Gross Wayne
grosg101	Grossart George
grosh101	Grossman Harley
grosr001	Grossman Robbie
grotj101	Grote Jerry
grotj001	Grotewold Jeff
grote101	Groth Ernest
grote102	Groth Ernie
grotj102	Groth Johnny
grotm001	Grott Matt
grovl101	Grove Lefty
grovo101	Grove Orval
grovc101	Grover Charlie
grovr101	Grover Roy
grubh102	Grubb Harvey
grubj001	Grubb Johnny
grubt101	Grubbs Tom
grubf101	Grube Frank
grubj002	Grube Jarrett
grubh101	Gruber Henry
grubk001	Gruber Kelly
grudm001	Grudzielanek Mark
grunk001	Grundt Ken
gruna101	Grunwald Al
grybk001	Gryboski Kevin
grygg901	Grygiel George
gryss101	Gryska Sig
grzam001	Grzanich Mike
grzej101	Grzenda Joe
guaim001	Guaipe Mayckol
guanc001	Guante Cecilio
guare001	Guardado Eddie
gubac001	Gubanich Creighton
gubim001	Gubicza Mark
guccc901	Guccione Chris
gucke901	Guckert Elmer
gudam101	Gudat Marv
guerd001	Guerra Deolis
guerj002	Guerra Javy
guerj003	Guerra Junior
guerm102	Guerra Mike
guera001	Guerrero Alex
guere801	Guerrero Epy
guerj001	Guerrero Juan
guerm101	Guerrero Mario
guerm801	Guerrero Mike
guerp001	Guerrero Pedro
guerv001	Guerrero Vladimir
guerw001	Guerrero Wilton
guerm001	Guerrier Matt
guesw101	Guese Whitey
guetl001	Guetterman Lee
guevc001	Guevara Carlos
guevg001	Guevara Giomar
gugla901	Guglielmo Augie
guidr001	Guidry Ron
guiea001	Guiel Aaron
guilc001	Guillen Carlos
guilj001	Guillen Jose
guilo001	Guillen Ozzie
guilp001	Guilmet Preston
guinb103	Guindon Bobby
guinb102	Guiney Ben
guins101	Guinn Skip
guinb101	Guintini Ben
guisl102	Guise Lefty
guisl101	Guisto Lou
gulam001	Gulan Mike
guldb001	Gulden Brad
gulld101	Gullett Don
gullt102	Gulley Tom
gullt101	Gullic Ted
gullb001	Gullickson Bill
gullg101	Gulliver Glenn
gumba101	Gumbert Ad
gumbb101	Gumbert Billy
gumbh101	Gumbert Harry
gumpd001	Gumpert Dave
gumpr101	Gumpert Randy
gunde001	Gunderson Eric
gunkr101	Gunkel Red
gunkf101	Gunkle Fred
gunnh101	Gunning Hy
gunnt101	Gunning Tom
gunsj101	Gunson Joe
gural001	Gura Larry
gurkj001	Gurka Jason
guste101	Gust Ernie
gustd901	Gustafson Dave
gustf101	Gustine Frankie
guthb101	Guth Bucky
guthc101	Guth Charlie
guthb901	Guthrie Bill
guthj001	Guthrie Jeremy
guthm001	Guthrie Mark
gutic101	Gutierrez Cesar
gutif001	Gutierrez Franklin
gutij001	Gutierrez Jackie
gutij002	Gutierrez Juan
gutir001	Gutierrez Ricky
guttd101	Gutteridge Don
guyeb001	Guyer Brandon
guzma001	Guzman Angel
guzmc001	Guzman Cristian
guzmd001	Guzman Domingo
guzme001	Guzman Edwards
guzmf001	Guzman Freddy
guzmg001	Guzman Geraldo
guzmj005	Guzman Jesus
guzmj004	Guzman Joel
guzmj002	Guzman Johnny
guzmj001	Guzman Jose
guzmj003	Guzman Juan
guzms101	Guzman Santiago
gwosd001	Gwosdz Doug
gwynm001	Gwyn Marcus
gwync001	Gwynn Chris
gwynt001	Gwynn Tony
gwynt002	Gwynn Tony
gyorj001	Gyorko Jedd
gysed101	Gyselman Dick
haady001	Haad Yamid
haasb102	Haas Bert
haasb101	Haas Bruno
haasd001	Haas Dave
haase101	Haas Eddie
haasm001	Haas Moose
haasm101	Haas Mule
habeb101	Habenicht Bob
habee101	Haberer Emil
habyj001	Habyan John
hachi101	Hach Irv
hacks101	Hack Stan
hacke001	Hacker Eric
hackr101	Hacker Rich
hackw102	Hacker Warren
hackc801	Hackett Charlie
hackj101	Hackett Jim
hackm101	Hackett Mert
hackw101	Hackett Walter
hackl001	Hackman Luther
haddh101	Haddix Harvey
haddg101	Haddock George
hadlb101	Hadley Bump
hadlk101	Hadley Kent
hadrm901	Hadry Merrill
haefb101	Haeffner Bill
haefm101	Haefner Mickey
haegc001	Haeger Charlie
hafeb101	Hafey Bud
hafec101	Hafey Chick
hafet101	Hafey Tom
haffl101	Hafford Leo
hafnb901	Hafner Bill
hafnf101	Hafner Frank
hafnt001	Hafner Travis
hagan001	Hagadone Nick
hagaa101	Hagan Art
hagec101	Hageman Casey
hagek001	Hagen Kevin
hageb001	Hagens Bradin
hager101	Hagerman Rip
hagub101	Hague Bill
haguj101	Hague Joe
hagum001	Hague Matt
hahnd101	Hahn Dick
hahnd102	Hahn Don
hahne101	Hahn Ed
hahnf101	Hahn Fred
hahnj001	Hahn Jesse
hahnn101	Hahn Noodles
haidh101	Haid Hal
haige101	Haigh Ed
hainh101	Haines Hinkey
hainj101	Haines Jesse
hairj001	Hairston Jerry
hairj002	Hairston Jerry
hairj101	Hairston John
hairs101	Hairston Sam
hairs001	Hairston Scott
haisj101	Haislip Jim
hajdc101	Hajduk Chet
hajed001	Hajek Dave
halaj001	Halama John
halag101	Halas George
halba901	Halbach Al
halbe101	Halbriter Ed
haldj101	Haldeman John
haleb101	Hale Bob
halec001	Hale Chip
haled101	Hale Dad
haled001	Hale David
haled801	Hale DeMarlo
haleg101	Hale George
halej101	Hale John
haleo101	Hale Odell
hales101	Hale Sammy
halee901	Haley Eddie
halef101	Haley James
haler101	Haley Raymond
halie101	Halicki Ed
halla101	Hall Al
halla001	Hall Albert
hallb108	Hall Bert
hallb107	Hall Bill
hallb105	Hall Bill
hallb001	Hall Bill
hallb106	Hall Bob
hallb103	Hall Bob
hallc103	Hall Charley
hallc101	Hall Charlie
hallc001	Hall Cody
halld002	Hall Darren
halld101	Hall Dick
halld001	Hall Drew
hallg101	Hall George
hallh101	Hall Herb
halli101	Hall Irv
hallj103	Hall Jim
hallj107	Hall Jimmie
hallj001	Hall Joe
hallj106	Hall John
hallj002	Hall Josh
hallm101	Hall Marc
hallm001	Hall Mel
hallr101	Hall Russ
halls901	Hall Samuel
hallt001	Hall Toby
hallt101	Hall Tom
hallj104	Halla John
hallr001	Halladay Roy
hallb104	Hallahan Bill
hallb901	Haller Bill
hallt102	Haller Tom
hallj105	Hallett Jack
halln101	Halliday Newt
hallj102	Halligan Jocko
halle101	Hallinan Ed
hallj101	Hallinan Jimmy
hallt901	Hallion Tom
hallb101	Hallman Bill
hallb102	Hallman Bill
hallc102	Hallstrom Charlie
halmg001	Halman Greg
halpj101	Halpin Jim
halsb001	Halsey Brad
halta101	Halt Al
halts001	Halter Shane
halts002	Halton Sean
ham-r101	Ham Ralph
hamad101	Hamann Doc
hamaa901	Hamari Adam
hambr101	Hambright Roger
hambc101	Hamburg Charlie
hambm001	Hamburger Mark
hambj101	Hamby Jim
hameb001	Hamelin Bob
hamec001	Hamels Cole
hamir901	Hamil Ray
hamij102	Hamill John
hamib101	Hamilton Billy
hamib001	Hamilton Billy
hamid001	Hamilton Darryl
hamid101	Hamilton Dave
hamie101	Hamilton Earl
hamij101	Hamilton Jack
hamij001	Hamilton Jeff
hamij002	Hamilton Joey
hamij003	Hamilton Josh
hamim001	Hamilton Mark
hamim801	Hamilton Mike
hamis101	Hamilton Steve
hamit101	Hamilton Tom
hamlk101	Hamlin Ken
hamll101	Hamlin Luke
hammp101	Hamm Pete
hamma001	Hammaker Atlee
hammj002	Hammel Jason
hammr001	Hammock Robby
hammc001	Hammond Chris
hammj101	Hammond Jack
hamms101	Hammond Steve
hammj001	Hammonds Jeffrey
hamng101	Hamner Garvin
hamng102	Hamner Granny
hamnr101	Hamner Ralph
hampj001	Hampson Justin
hampi101	Hampton Ike
hampm001	Hampton Mike
hamre001	Hamren Erik
hamrb101	Hamric Bert
hamrr101	Hamrick Ray
hamut001	Hamulack Tim
hancb101	Hancken Buddy
hancf101	Hancock Fred
hancg001	Hancock Garry
hancj001	Hancock Josh
hancl001	Hancock Lee
hancr001	Hancock Ryan
handb001	Hand Brad
handd001	Hand Donovan
handr101	Hand Rich
handj101	Handiboe Jim
handm101	Handiboe Mike
handg101	Handley Gene
handl101	Handley Lee
handv101	Handrahan Vern
handb101	Hands Bill
haneh101	Hanebrink Harry
hanec001	Haney Chris
hanef101	Haney Fred
hanel101	Haney Larry
hanet001	Haney Todd
hanfc101	Hanford Charlie
hanir001	Hanigan Ryan
hankd101	Hankins Don
hankj101	Hankins Jay
hankf101	Hankinson Frank
hanlj101	Hanley Jim
hanlb101	Hanlon Bill
hanln101	Hanlon Ned
hannd901	Hanna Dr.
hannj103	Hanna John
hannp101	Hanna Preston
hannt101	Hannah Truck
hannj001	Hannahan Jack
hanng101	Hannahs Gerry
hannj102	Hannan Jim
hannj101	Hannifin Jack
hannl101	Hanning Loy
hannp102	Hannivan Pat
hanrj001	Hanrahan Joel
hansd002	Hansack Devern
hansg001	Hansell Greg
hansa101	Hansen Andy
hansb101	Hansen Bob
hansc001	Hansen Craig
hansd001	Hansen Dave
hansd101	Hansen Doug
hansg801	Hansen Guy
hansh901	Hansen Howard
hansj001	Hansen Jed
hansr801	Hansen Roger
hansr102	Hansen Ron
hansr101	Hansen Roy
hanss101	Hansen Snipe
hansf101	Hansford Frank
hansd102	Hanski Don
hanse001	Hanson Erik
hansh101	Hanson Harry
hanso101	Hanson Ollie
hanst001	Hanson Tommy
hantb901	Hantak Bob
hanye101	Hanyzewski Ed
happj001	Happ J.A.
happj101	Happenny John
haraa001	Harang Aaron
harbb101	Harbridge Bill
hardr001	Harden Rich
hardm101	Harder Mel
hards101	Hardesty Scott
hardp101	Hardgrove Pat
hardl102	Hardie Lou
hardb101	Hardin Bud
hardj101	Hardin Jim
hardc102	Harding Charlie
hardj002	Hardtke Jason
harda101	Hardy Alex
hardb001	Hardy Blaine
hardc101	Hardy Carroll
hardh101	Hardy Harry
hardj003	Hardy J.J.
hardj102	Hardy Jack
hardj001	Hardy Jack
hardl101	Hardy Larry
hardr101	Hardy Red
hares001	Hare Shawn
hared001	Haren Dan
hargs101	Hargan Steve
harga001	Hargesheimer Alan
hargg101	Hargis Gary
hargb101	Hargrave Bubbles
hargp101	Hargrave Pinky
hargc101	Hargreaves Charlie
hargm001	Hargrove Mike
harit001	Harikkala Tim
harkm001	Harkey Mike
harkj101	Harkins John
harks101	Harkness Spec
harkt101	Harkness Tim
harld101	Harley Dick
harld102	Harley Dick
harll101	Harlow Larry
harmb102	Harman Bill
harmb001	Harman Brad
harmb101	Harmon Bob
harmc101	Harmon Chuck
harmt101	Harmon Terry
harmt801	Harmon Tom
harnp001	Harnisch Pete
harpb101	Harper Bill
harpb002	Harper Brandon
harpb001	Harper Brian
harpb003	Harper Bryce
harpg102	Harper George
harpg101	Harper George
harph101	Harper Harry
harpj102	Harper Jack
harpj101	Harper Jack
harpt001	Harper Terry
harpt101	Harper Tommy
harpt002	Harper Travis
harrt001	Harrah Toby
harrb103	Harrell Billy
harrj106	Harrell John
harrl002	Harrell Lucas
harrr103	Harrell Ray
harrs103	Harrell Slim
harrb110	Harrelson Bill
harrb101	Harrelson Bud
harrk101	Harrelson Ken
harrd002	Harriger Denny
harra102	Harrington Andy
harra101	Harrington Andy
harrb102	Harrington Bill
harrj104	Harrington Jerry
harrj105	Harrington Joe
harrm102	Harrington Mickey
harrb111	Harris Ben
harrb105	Harris Bill
harrb112	Harris Bill
harrb108	Harris Billy
harrb109	Harris Bob
harrb001	Harris Brendan
harrb104	Harris Bubba
harrb106	Harris Bucky
harrb107	Harris Buddy
harrc103	Harris Candy
harrc102	Harris Charlie
harrd101	Harris Dave
harrd001	Harris Donald
harrf101	Harris Frank
harrg101	Harris Gail
harrg003	Harris Gene
harrg001	Harris Greg
harrg002	Harris Greg
harrh101	Harris Herb
harrj001	Harris Jeff
harrj102	Harris Joe
harrj103	Harris Joe
harrj101	Harris John
harrl901	Harris Lanny
harrl001	Harris Lenny
harrl101	Harris Lum
harrm101	Harris Mickey
harrm002	Harris Mitch
harrn101	Harris Ned
harrp001	Harris Pep
harrr001	Harris Reggie
harrs102	Harris Spence
harrv901	Harris Vance
harrv101	Harris Vic
harrw002	Harris Will
harrw001	Harris Willie
harrb113	Harrison Ben
harrb114	Harrison Bob
harrc101	Harrison Chuck
harrj002	Harrison Josh
harrm001	Harrison Matt
harrp901	Harrison Pete
harrr101	Harrison Rit
harrr102	Harrison Roric
harrt101	Harrison Tom
harrs101	Harriss Slim
harre101	Harrist Earl
harss101	Harshaney Sam
harsj101	Harshman Jack
harso101	Harstad Oscar
hartb106	Hart Bill
hartb101	Hart Bill
hartb103	Hart Billy
hartb001	Hart Bo
hartb901	Hart Bob
hartc001	Hart Corey
harth101	Hart Hub
hartj002	Hart Jason
hartj802	Hart Jim
hartj102	Hart Jim Ray
hartb104	Hart Jimmy
hartj801	Hart John
hartk001	Hart Kevin
hartm101	Hart Mike
hartm001	Hart Mike
hartt101	Hart Tom
hartc105	Hartenstein Chuck
harti901	Hartenstein Isaac
hartf102	Harter Frank
hartb102	Hartford Bruce
hartd001	Hartgraves Dean
hardl103	Harting Jumbo
hartc101	Hartje Chris
hartc104	Hartley Chick
hartg102	Hartley Grover
hartj901	Hartley Jack
hartm002	Hartley Mike
hartb105	Hartman Bob
hartc103	Hartman Charlie
hartf101	Hartman Fred
hartj101	Hartman J.C.
hartg103	Hartnett Gabby
hartp101	Hartnett Pat
hartr103	Hartranft Ray
hartg101	Harts Greg
hartt102	Hartsel Topsy
hartr101	Hartsfield Roy
hartj001	Hartsock Jeff
hartc102	Hartung Clint
hartp001	Hartzell Paul
hartr102	Hartzell Roy
harvl101	Harvel Luther
harvb001	Harvey Bryan
harvd901	Harvey Doug
harvk001	Harvey Ken
harvm001	Harvey Matt
harvr901	Harvey Randy
harve101	Harvey Zaza
harvc001	Harville Chad
hasbz101	Hasbrook Ziggy
hases001	Hasegawa Shigetoshi
haseb001	Haselman Bill
hased101	Hasenmayer Don
hashh101	Hash Herb
haskj901	Haskell Jack
haslm101	Haslin Mickey
hasnp101	Hasney Pete
hassb102	Hassamaer Bill
hassa002	Hassan Alex
hassb101	Hassett Buddy
hassj901	Hassett James
hassr001	Hassey Ron
hassa001	Hassler Andy
hassj101	Hassler Joe
hassg101	Hasson Gene
hastc101	Hastings Charlie
hasts101	Hastings Scott
hastb101	Hasty Bob
hatcb001	Hatcher Billy
hatcc001	Hatcher Chris
hatcc002	Hatcher Chris
hatcm001	Hatcher Mickey
hatff101	Hatfield Fred
hatfg101	Hatfield Gil
hatfj101	Hatfield John
hathh001	Hathaway Hilly
hathr101	Hathaway Ray
hatlm001	Hatley Marcus
hatts001	Hatteberg Scott
hattj101	Hatten Joe
hattc101	Hatter Clyde
hattj001	Hattig John
hattg101	Hatton Grady
hauga101	Hauger Arthur
haugc101	Haughey Chris
haugg001	Haught Gary
haugp101	Haugstad Phil
hausa101	Hauser Arnold
hausj101	Hauser Joe
haust101	Hausman Tom
hausc101	Hausmann Clem
hausg101	Hausmann George
hautc101	Hautz Charlie
haveb001	Havens Brad
hawbr001	Hawblitzel Ryan
haweb101	Hawes Bill
hawer101	Hawes Roy
hawke101	Hawk Ed
hawkb101	Hawke Bill
hawkt101	Hawkes Thorny
hawka001	Hawkins Andy
hawkl001	Hawkins LaTroy
hawkw101	Hawkins Wynn
hawkc101	Hawks Chicken
hawkb001	Hawksworth Blake
hawls101	Hawley Marvin
hawlp101	Hawley Pink
hawoh101	Haworth Howie
hawpb001	Hawpe Brad
haydh101	Haydel Hal
haydj101	Hayden Jack
haydl101	Hayden Lefty
hayeb102	Hayes Ben
hayeb101	Hayes Bill
hayeb001	Hayes Brett
hayec001	Hayes Charlie
hayef101	Hayes Frankie
hayej102	Hayes Jackie
hayej101	Hayes Jackie
hayej103	Hayes Jim
hayem101	Hayes John
hayev001	Hayes Von
hayhd001	Hayhurst Dirk
hayhh901	Hayhurst Hicks
heynj101	Hayner Fred
haynh001	Haynes Heath
haynj001	Haynes Jimmy
haynj101	Haynes Joe
haynn001	Haynes Nathan
haynj901	Haynie J.H.
haywr001	Hayward Ray
haywb101	Haywood Bill
haywr101	Hayworth Ray
haywr102	Hayworth Red
hazed101	Hazewood Drungo
hazlb101	Hazle Bob
hazld101	Hazleton Doc
heade101	Head Ed
headj001	Head Jerad
headr101	Head Ralph
headc001	Headley Chase
healt101	Healey Tom
heale101	Healy Egyptian
healf102	Healy Fran
healf101	Healy Francis
healt102	Healy Thomas
heana001	Heaney Andrew
hearc101	Heard Charlie
hearj101	Heard Jay
hearb102	Hearn Bunny
hearb101	Hearn Bunny
heare001	Hearn Ed
hearj102	Hearn Jim
heare101	Hearne Ed
hearh101	Hearne Hughie
hearj001	Hearron Jeff
heatb101	Heath Bill
heatd001	Heath Deunte
heatj101	Heath Jeff
heatk101	Heath Kelly
heatm101	Heath Mickey
heatm001	Heath Mike
heats101	Heath Spencer
heatt101	Heath Tommy
heatj001	Heathcock Jeff
heatc101	Heathcote Cliff
heatm002	Heathcott Mike
heats001	Heathcott Slade
heatn001	Heaton Neal
heavd101	Heaverlo Dave
hebew101	Hebert Wally
hebnr001	Hebner Richie
hebsb001	Hebson Bryan
hecha001	Hechavarria Adeiny
hechm101	Hechinger Mike
hechm901	Hecht Marvin
heckg101	Hecker Guy
hedga001	Hedges Austin
hedgh101	Hedgpeth Harry
hedlm101	Hedlund Mike
heepd001	Heep Danny
heffb001	Heffernan Bert
heffb101	Heffner Bob
heffd101	Heffner Don
heflb001	Heflin Bronson
heflr101	Heflin Randy
hefnj001	Hefner Jeremy
hegaj101	Hegan Jim
hegam101	Hegan Mike
hegew901	Hegeman Doctor
hegmb001	Hegman Bob
hehlj101	Hehl Jake
heidj101	Heidemann Jack
heide101	Heidrick Emmet
heiff101	Heifer Frank
heill801	Heilbroner Louie
heilc101	Heileman Chink
heila001	Heilman Aaron
heilh101	Heilmann Harry
heimv101	Heim Val
heimf101	Heimach Fred
heimg001	Heimueller Gorman
heinb101	Heine Bud
heind001	Heinkel Don
heinc001	Heintz Chris
heink101	Heintzelman Ken
heint101	Heintzelman Tom
heinj101	Heinzman Jack
heisb101	Heise Bob
heisc102	Heise Clarence
heisj101	Heise Jim
heisr101	Heiser Roy
heisr001	Heiserman Rick
heisc001	Heisey Chris
heisc101	Heismann Crese
heisa101	Heist Al
heith102	Heitmann Harry
heith101	Heitmuller Heinie
heitd901	Heitzer Dick
helbh901	Helburn Hugo
heldm101	Held Mel
heldw101	Held Woodie
helfh101	Helf Hank
helfe001	Helfand Eric
helft101	Helfrich Ty
hellj001	Hellickson Jeremy
hellr001	Helling Rick
hellu101	Hellings 
hellt101	Hellman Tony
hellj002	Hellweg Johnny
helmj901	Helm J.
helmh101	Helmbold Horace
helmt101	Helms Tommy
helmw001	Helms Wes
heltt001	Helton Todd
helth101	Heltzel Heinie
hemar101	Heman Russ
hembh001	Hembree Heath
hemie101	Hemingway Ed
hemmg101	Hemming George
hemos001	Hemond Scott
hempd101	Hemp Ducky
hempb001	Hemphill Bret
hempc101	Hemphill Charlie
hempf101	Hemphill Frank
hemsr101	Hemsley Rollie
hemus101	Hemus Solly
hendb103	Henderson Bernie
hendb801	Henderson Bill
hendb102	Henderson Bill
hendd001	Henderson Dave
hende101	Henderson Ed
hendh102	Henderson Hardie
hendj001	Henderson Jim
hendj102	Henderson Joe
hendk101	Henderson Ken
hendr801	Henderson Ramon
hendr001	Henderson Rickey
hendr002	Henderson Rod
hends001	Henderson Steve
hendb101	Hendley Bob
hendg001	Hendrick George
hendh101	Hendrick Harvey
hende102	Hendricks Ed
hende103	Hendricks Elrod
hendj101	Hendricks Jack
hendk001	Hendricks Kyle
hendb001	Hendrickson Ben
hendd101	Hendrickson Don
hendm001	Hendrickson Mark
hendl001	Hendriks Liam
hendc101	Hendrix Claude
hendt901	Hendry Ted
hendt101	Hendryx Tim
hengd001	Hengel Dave
henge801	Hengel Ed
hengm101	Hengel Moxie
henil101	Henion Lafayette
henkt001	Henke Tom
henlb001	Henley Bob
henlg101	Henley Gail
henlw101	Henley Weldon
henlb101	Henline Butch
henns001	Henn Sean
hennm001	Henneman Mike
hennb001	Hennessey Brad
henng101	Hennessey George
hennl101	Hennessy Les
hennp102	Hennigan Phil
hennp101	Henning Pete
hennr101	Henninger Rick
hennr001	Hennis Randy
henrb103	Henrich Bobby
henrf101	Henrich Fritz
henrt101	Henrich Tommy
henrj901	Henrichs Jeff
henro101	Henriksen Olaf
henro001	Henriquez Oscar
henrb101	Henry Bill
henrb102	Henry Bill
henrb901	Henry Bill
henrb001	Henry Butch
henrd002	Henry Doug
henrd101	Henry Dutch
henrd001	Henry Dwayne
henre101	Henry Earl
henrg101	Henry George
henrj103	Henry Jim
henrj102	Henry John
henrj101	Henry John
henrr101	Henry Ron
henrs101	Henry Snake
hensr101	Henshaw Roy
hensp101	Hensiek Phil
hensc001	Hensley Chuck
hensc002	Hensley Clay
hensm001	Hensley Matt
hensd001	Henson Drew
hentp001	Hentgen Pat
heplb101	Hepler Bill
herbr102	Herbel Ron
herbe101	Herbert Ernie
herbf101	Herbert Fred
herbr101	Herbert Ray
heref001	Heredia Felix
hereg001	Heredia Gil
hereu001	Heredia Ubaldo
herew001	Heredia Wilson
hergm001	Herges Matt
herma101	Herman Art
hermb102	Herman Babe
hermb101	Herman Billy
herma102	Hermann Al
hermc001	Hermansen Chad
hermg101	Hermanski Gene
hermd001	Hermanson Dustin
hermj001	Hermida Jeremy
hermr101	Hermoso Remy
hernj101	Hernaiz Jesus
herna002	Hernandez Adrian
herna001	Hernandez Alex
herna003	Hernandez Anderson
herna901	Hernandez Angel
hernb901	Hernandez Bob
hernc001	Hernandez Carlos
hernc003	Hernandez Carlos
hernc004	Hernandez Carlos
hernc002	Hernandez Cesar
hernc005	Hernandez Cesar
hernc101	Hernandez Chico
hernc801	Hernandez Chuck
hernd002	Hernandez David
hernd001	Hernandez Diory
herne001	Hernandez Enrique
herne102	Hernandez Enzo
herne101	Hernandez Evelio
hernf002	Hernandez Felix
hernf001	Hernandez Fernando
hernf003	Hernandez Fernando
herng001	Hernandez Gorkys
hernw001	Hernandez Guillermo
hernj102	Hernandez Jackie
hernj002	Hernandez Jeremy
hernj001	Hernandez Jose
hernk001	Hernandez Keith
hernl002	Hernandez Leo
hernl003	Hernandez Livan
hernl004	Hernandez Luis
hernm001	Hernandez Manny
hernm002	Hernandez Michel
herno001	Hernandez Orlando
herno002	Hernandez Oscar
hernp101	Hernandez Pedro
hernp001	Hernandez Pedro
hernr102	Hernandez Ramon
hernr002	Hernandez Ramon
hernr001	Hernandez Roberto
hernr101	Hernandez Rudy
hernr103	Hernandez Rudy
hernr801	Hernandez Rudy
hernr003	Hernandez Runelvys
hernt001	Hernandez Toby
hernx001	Hernandez Xavier
herny001	Hernandez Yoel
hernd003	Herndon David
hernf901	Herndon Fred
hernj003	Herndon Junior
hernl001	Herndon Larry
hernt101	Hernon Tom
herre101	Herr Joseph
herrt001	Herr Tom
herrw101	Herrell Walt
herra001	Herrera Alex
herrb102	Herrera Bobby
herrd001	Herrera Danny
herrd002	Herrera Dilson
herre001	Herrera Elian
herrj002	Herrera Jonathan
herrj102	Herrera Jose
herrj001	Herrera Jose
herrk001	Herrera Kelvin
herrm101	Herrera Mike
herro001	Herrera Odubel
herrp101	Herrera Pancho
herry001	Herrera Yoslan
herrt102	Herriage Troy
herrt101	Herrin Tom
herrw901	Herrin W.E.
herra101	Herring Art
herrb101	Herring Bill
herrh101	Herring Herb
herrl102	Herring Lefty
herrc001	Herrmann Chris
herre102	Herrmann Ed
herrf001	Herrmann Frank
herrl101	Herrmann Leroy
herrm102	Herrmann Marty
herrj101	Herrnstein John
herrr101	Herrscher Rick
herse101	Hersh Earl
hersm101	Hershberger Mike
hersw101	Hershberger Willard
hersf101	Hershey Frank
herso001	Hershiser Orel
hertn101	Hertweck Neal
herts101	Hertz Steve
herzb101	Herzog Buck
herzw101	Herzog Whitey
heskj001	Hesketh Joe
hesso101	Hess Otto
hesst101	Hess Tom
hessg101	Hesselbacher George
hessk001	Hessler Keith
hessm001	Hessman Mike
hestj001	Hester John
hestl101	Hesterfer Larry
hestc001	Heston Chris
hetkj101	Hetki Johnny
hetlg101	Hetling Gus
hetze001	Hetzel Eric
heubg101	Heubel George
heuse101	Heusser Ed
hevij101	Heving Joe
hevij102	Heving Johnnie
hewew801	Hewett Walter
hewij101	Hewitt Jake
heydg101	Heydeman Greg
heydj901	Heydler John
heydm101	Heydon Mike
heywj001	Heyward Jason
hiatj101	Hiatt Jack
hiatp001	Hiatt Phil
hibbg001	Hibbard Greg
hibbj102	Hibbard John
hibbj101	Hibbs Jim
hickb001	Hickerson Bryan
hicke102	Hickey Eddie
hickj106	Hickey Jack
hickj901	Hickey James
hickj107	Hickey Jim
hickj801	Hickey Jim
hickk001	Hickey Kevin
hickm101	Hickey Mike
hickc101	Hickman Charlie
hicke101	Hickman Ernie
hickj104	Hickman Jesse
hickj102	Hickman Jim
hickj103	Hickman Jim
hicke901	Hickox Ed
hicka001	Hicks Aaron
hickb002	Hicks Brandon
hickb101	Hicks Buddy
hickj105	Hicks Jim
hickj101	Hicks Joe
hickj001	Hicks John
hickn101	Hicks Nat
hidar001	Hidalgo Richard
hietj001	Hietpas Joe
higbk101	Higbe Kirby
higbm101	Higbee Mahlon
higbu101	Higby 
higdb101	Higdon Bill
higgi101	Higginbotham Irv
higgb101	Higgins Bill
higgb102	Higgins Bob
higgd101	Higgins Dennis
higge101	Higgins Eddie
higgj901	Higgins John
higgk001	Higgins Kevin
higgm001	Higgins Mark
higgm101	Higgins Pinky
higgs901	Higgins Scott
higgb001	Higginson Bobby
higha101	High Andy
highc101	High Charlie
highe101	High Ed
highh101	High Hugh
highd101	Higham Dick
higut001	Higuera Teddy
hilaj101	Hiland John
hilcw101	Hilcher Whitey
hildg101	Hildebrand George
hildo101	Hildebrand Oral
hildp101	Hildebrand Palmer
hilgt101	Hilgendorf Tom
hilje001	Hiljus Erik
hilla001	Hill Aaron
hillb101	Hill Belden
hillb102	Hill Bill
hillb001	Hill Bobby
hillc102	Hill Carmen
hilld101	Hill Dave
hilld001	Hill Donnie
hillg101	Hill Garry
hillg001	Hill Glenallen
hillh105	Hill Herbert
hillh102	Hill Herman
hillh104	Hill Hugh
hillh101	Hill Hunter
hillj001	Hill Jeremy
hillj102	Hill Jesse
hillk001	Hill Ken
hillk002	Hill Koyie
hillm001	Hill Marc
hillm002	Hill Milt
hillo101	Hill Oliver
hillp801	Hill Perry
hillr101	Hill Red
hillr001	Hill Rich
hills003	Hill Shawn
hills004	Hill Steven
hillt001	Hill Taylor
hillh103	Hillebrand Homer
hildr101	Hillebrand R.E.
hills001	Hillegas Shawn
hills002	Hillenbrand Shea
hillc101	Hiller Chuck
hillf101	Hiller Frank
hillh106	Hiller Hob
hillj101	Hiller John
hille101	Hilley Ed
hillm101	Hillis Mack
hilld102	Hillman Dave
hille001	Hillman Eric
hillt801	Hillman Trey
hillp101	Hilly Pat
hilsc101	Hilsey Charlie
hiltd101	Hilton Dave
hilth001	Hilton Howard
himej101	Himes Jack
himsv801	Himsl Vedie
hinca001	Hinch A.J.
hincb001	Hinchliffe Brett
hincb101	Hinchman Bill
hinch101	Hinchman Harry
hincm001	Hinckley Mike
hinds101	Hinds Sam
hineb801	Hines Ben
hineb802	Hines Bruce
hineh101	Hines Hunkey
hinem101	Hines Mike
hinep101	Hines Paul
hinkg101	Hinkle Gordie
hinod001	Hinojosa Dalier
hinrd101	Hinrichs Dutch
hinrp101	Hinrichs Paul
hinsa001	Hinshaw Alex
hinsg101	Hinshaw George
hinse001	Hinske Eric
hinsj101	Hinsley Jerry
hinsp101	Hinson Paul
hintc101	Hinton Chuck
hintj101	Hinton John
hintr101	Hinton Rich
hinzt001	Hinzo Tommy
hipph101	Hippauf Herb
hirsj901	Hirschbeck John
hirsm901	Hirschbeck Mark
hirsj001	Hirsh Jason
hiseg101	Hiser Gene
hisll101	Hisle Larry
hisnh101	Hisner Harley
hitcb101	Hitchcock Billy
hitcj101	Hitchcock Jim
hitcs001	Hitchcock Sterling
hittb101	Hitt Bruce
hittr101	Hitt Roy
hittl101	Hittle Lloyd
hoagm101	Hoag Myril
hoagw901	Hoagland Will
hoakd101	Hoak Don
hobae101	Hobaugh Ed
hobbg101	Hobbie Glen
hobbb101	Hobbs Bill
hobbj101	Hobbs John
hobep901	Hoberg Pat
hobld101	Hoblitzell Dick
hobsb101	Hobson Butch
hochh101	Hoch Harry
hochl001	Hochevar Luke
hocke101	Hock Ed
hockc101	Hockenbery Chuck
hocko101	Hockett Oris
hockg101	Hockette George
hockd001	Hocking Denny
hodaj101	Hodapp Johnny
hodem101	Hoderlein Mel
hodec101	Hodes Charlie
hodge001	Hodge Ed
hodgg102	Hodge Gomer
hodgs101	Hodge Shovel
hodga902	Hodges Amory
hodgb101	Hodges Bert
hodgg101	Hodges Gil
hodgk001	Hodges Kevin
hodgm901	Hodges Morris
hodgr001	Hodges Ron
hodgt001	Hodges Trey
hodgr101	Hodgin Ralph
hodgp101	Hodgson Paul
hodke101	Hodkey Eli
hodnc101	Hodnett Charlie
hodsg101	Hodson George
hoefb101	Hoeft Billy
hoela101	Hoelskoetter Art
hoerj101	Hoerner Joe
hoerl101	Hoerst Lefty
hoesl001	Hoes L.J.
hoeyf801	Hoey Fred
hoeyj101	Hoey Jack
hoeyj001	Hoey Jim
hoffr102	Hoff Red
hoffb102	Hoffer Bill
hoffs101	Hofferth Stew
hoffb101	Hoffman Bill
hoffd101	Hoffman Danny
hoffd102	Hoffman Dutch
hofff101	Hoffman Frank
hoffg001	Hoffman Glenn
hoffg002	Hoffman Guy
hoffi101	Hoffman Izzy
hoffj104	Hoffman John
hoffl101	Hoffman Larry
hoffr101	Hoffman Ray
hoffh101	Hoffman Sonny
hofft101	Hoffman Tex
hofft001	Hoffman Trevor
hoffj001	Hoffmann Jamie
hoffj102	Hoffmeister Jesse
hoffj101	Hofford John
hoffj002	Hoffpauir Jarrett
hoffm001	Hoffpauir Micah
hofmb101	Hofman Bobby
hofms101	Hofman Solly
hofmf101	Hofmann Fred
hogae101	Hogan Eddie
hogag101	Hogan George
hogah101	Hogan Harry
hogak101	Hogan Kenny
hogam101	Hogan Marty
hogam102	Hogan Mortimer
hogas101	Hogan Shanty
hogaw101	Hogan Willie
hoggb103	Hogg Bert
hoggb101	Hogg Bill
hoggb102	Hogg Brad
hogrg101	Hogriever George
hogsc101	Hogsett Chief
hogub101	Hogue Bobby
hoguc101	Hogue Cal
hohmb101	Hohman Bill
hohnb901	Hohn Bill
hohne101	Hohnhorst Eddie
hoilc001	Hoiles Chris
holab001	Holaday Bryan
holba001	Holbert Aaron
holbb101	Holbert Bill
holbr001	Holbert Ray
holbw101	Holborow Wally
holbs901	Holbrook Sam
holbs101	Holbrook Sammy
holck101	Holcombe Ken
holdb101	Holden Bill
holdj102	Holden Joe
holdd001	Holdridge David
holdf101	Holdsworth Fred
holdj101	Holdsworth Jim
holdj001	Holdzkom John
holkw101	Holke Walter
hollb104	Hollahan Bill
holla001	Holland Al
hollb105	Holland Bill
holld003	Holland Derek
holld101	Holland Dutch
hollg001	Holland Greg
hollj901	Holland Jack
hollm101	Holland Mul
hollw101	Holland Will
hollm003	Hollands Mario
hollt001	Hollandsworth Todd
hollg101	Holle Gary
holle101	Holley Ed
holls901	Holley Sam
hollb103	Holliday Bug
hollm001	Holliday Matt
hollm002	Hollimon Mike
hollc102	Holling Carl
hollh101	Hollingshead Holly
holla101	Hollingsworth Al
hollb102	Hollingsworth Bonnie
holld002	Hollins Damon
holld001	Hollins Dave
hollj001	Hollins Jessie
hollj103	Hollison John
holls101	Hollmig Stan
hollc101	Hollocher Charlie
hollb101	Holloman Bobo
hollj101	Holloway Jim
hollk101	Holloway Ken
hollm901	Hollowell Matt
holle102	Holly Ed
hollj102	Holly Jeff
holmb101	Holm Billy
holms002	Holm Steve
holmw101	Holm Wattie
holmb002	Holman Brad
holmb001	Holman Brian
holmg101	Holman Gary
holms101	Holman Scott
holms001	Holman Shawn
holmd002	Holmberg David
holmd801	Holmberg Dennis
holmc101	Holmes Chick
holmd001	Holmes Darren
holmd101	Holmes Ducky
holmd102	Holmes Ducky
holmf101	Holmes Fred
holmj101	Holmes Jim
holmt101	Holmes Tommy
holmd802	Holmquist Doug
holom901	Holoka Mike
holsh101	Holshouser Herm
holtb002	Holt Brock
holtc001	Holt Chris
holtg801	Holt Goldie
holtj101	Holt Jim
holtr102	Holt Red
holtr101	Holt Roger
holtt001	Holt Tyler
holtv101	Holtgrave Vern
holtb001	Holton Brian
holtm001	Holtz Mike
holtk101	Holtzman Ken
holzm001	Holzemer Mark
homob901	Homolka Bob
honam101	Honan Marty
honer001	Honeycutt Rick
honoj901	Honochick Jim
hooda101	Hood Abie
hoodd101	Hood Don
hoodw101	Hood Wally
hoodw102	Hood Wally
hookc001	Hook Chris
hookj101	Hook Jay
hookb101	Hooker Buck
hooka101	Hooks Alex
hoopb101	Hooper Bob
hooph101	Hooper Harry
hoopk001	Hooper Kevin
hoopm101	Hooper Mike
hootl101	Hooten Leon
hootb001	Hooton Burt
hoovb101	Hoover Buster
hoovc101	Hoover Charlie
hoovd101	Hoover Dick
hoovj002	Hoover J.J.
hoovj101	Hoover Joe
hoovj001	Hoover John
hoovp001	Hoover Paul
hopej001	Hope John
hopes101	Hope Sam
hopkb101	Hopkins Buck
hopkd101	Hopkins Don
hopkg101	Hopkins Gail
hopkm102	Hopkins Marty
hopkm101	Hopkins Mike
hopkp101	Hopkins Paul
hoppj102	Hopp Johnny
hoppb101	Hopper Bill
hoppj101	Hopper Jim
hoppl101	Hopper Lefty
hoppn001	Hopper Norris
horaj101	Horan Patrick
horas101	Horan Shags
horgj001	Horgan Joe
horlj101	Horlen Joe
horns001	Horn Sam
hornt101	Horne Trader
hornb001	Horner Bob
hornj101	Horner Jack
hornr101	Hornsby Rogers
hornm101	Hornung Joe
horsh101	Horsey Hanson
horsv001	Horsman Vince
horsj001	Horst Jeremy
horso101	Horstmann Oscar
horte101	Horton Elmer
hortr001	Horton Ricky
hortt101	Horton Tony
hortw101	Horton Willie
horwb001	Horwitz Brian
hoscv801	Hoscheit Vern
hosed001	Hosey Dwayne
hoses001	Hosey Steve
hoskd101	Hoskins Dave
hoslt101	Hosley Tim
hosme001	Hosmer Eric
hostg101	Host Gene
hostc101	Hostetler Chuck
hostd001	Hostetler Dave
hoswu901	Hosworth S.A.
hotap101	Hotaling Pete
hottk101	Hottman Ken
hottt001	Hottovy Tommy
houcb101	Houck Byron
houcs101	Houck Sadie
hougc001	Hough Charlie
hougp901	Hough Pliny
houkr101	Houk Ralph
hould001	Houlton D.J.
housc001	House Craig
housf103	House Frank
housf101	House Fred
housj001	House J.R.
housp101	House Pat
houst002	House TJ
houst101	House Tom
housc102	Householder Charlie
housc101	Householder Charlie
house101	Householder Ed
housp001	Householder Paul
housj102	Houseman John
housf102	Houseman William
housa001	Houser Adrian
housb101	Houser Ben
housj002	Houser James
housj101	Houser Joe
housw001	Housie Wayne
houst001	Houston Tyler
houta101	Houtteman Art
houtl101	Houtz Lefty
hovls101	Hovley Steve
hovle101	Hovlik Ed
hovlj101	Hovlik Joe
howab001	Howard Ben
howab101	Howard Bruce
howac901	Howard C.F.
howac902	Howard Charles
howac001	Howard Chris
howac002	Howard Chris
howad103	Howard Dave
howad001	Howard David
howad102	Howard Del
howad101	Howard Doug
howae102	Howard Earl
howae101	Howard Elston
howaf102	Howard Frank
howaf101	Howard Fred
howai101	Howard Ivan
howal102	Howard Larry
howal101	Howard Lee
howam001	Howard Matt
howam101	Howard Mike
howap101	Howard Paul
howar001	Howard Ryan
howas001	Howard Steve
howat001	Howard Thomas
howaw101	Howard Wilbur
howaj101	Howarth Jim
howea001	Howe Art
howec101	Howe Cal
howel101	Howe Les
howes101	Howe Shorty
howes001	Howe Steve
howed101	Howell Dixie
howed102	Howell Dixie
howeh101	Howell Harry
howej003	Howell J.P.
howej002	Howell Jack
howej001	Howell Jay
howek001	Howell Ken
howep001	Howell Pat
hower102	Howell Red
hower101	Howell Roland
hower001	Howell Roy
howeb101	Howerton Bill
howid001	Howitt Dann
howld101	Howley Dan
howrb001	Howry Bob
howsd101	Howser Dick
hoy-d101	Hoy Dummy
hoy-p001	Hoy Peter
hoyej901	Hoye James
hoylt101	Hoyle Tex
hoytl001	Hoyt LaMarr
hoytw101	Hoyt Waite
hraba101	Hrabosky Al
hrbek001	Hrbek Kent
hrinw101	Hriniak Walt
hu--c001	Hu Chin-lung
hubba101	Hubbard Al
hubbc901	Hubbard Cal
hubbg001	Hubbard Glenn
hubbj801	Hubbard Jack
hubbm001	Hubbard Mike
hubbt001	Hubbard Trent
hubbb101	Hubbell Bill
hubbc101	Hubbell Carl
hubbk101	Hubbs Ken
hubec101	Huber Clarence
hubej002	Huber Jon
hubej001	Huber Justin
hubem901	Huber Mike
hubeo101	Huber Otto
huckk001	Huckaby Ken
hucke101	Huckleberry Earl
hudej001	Hudek John
hudgd101	Hudgens Dave
hudgj101	Hudgens Jimmy
hudlr001	Hudler Rex
hudlw101	Hudlin Willis
hudsc001	Hudson Charles
hudsc101	Hudson Charlie
hudsd001	Hudson Daniel
hudsh101	Hudson Hal
hudsj102	Hudson Jesse
hudsj001	Hudson Joe
hudsj101	Hudson Johnny
hudsk001	Hudson Kyle
hudsl001	Hudson Luke
hudsm901	Hudson Marvin
hudsn101	Hudson Nat
hudso001	Hudson Orlando
hudsr101	Hudson Rex
hudss101	Hudson Sid
hudst001	Hudson Tim
hudsv901	Hudson Vincent
huelf101	Huelsman Frank
huena101	Huenke Al
huffa001	Huff Aubrey
huffd001	Huff David
huffg801	Huff George
huffm001	Huff Mike
huffb101	Huffman Bennie
huffc001	Huffman Chad
huffp001	Huffman Phil
hug-e101	Hug Ed
huggm101	Huggins Miller
hughb101	Hughes Bill
hughb102	Hughes Bill
hughb001	Hughes Bobby
hughd101	Hughes Dick
hughd001	Hughes Dusty
hughe101	Hughes Ed
hughj001	Hughes Jared
hughj105	Hughes Jim
hughj103	Hughes Jim
hughj104	Hughes Jim
hughj101	Hughes Joe
hughk001	Hughes Keith
hughl001	Hughes Luke
hughm101	Hughes Mickey
hughp001	Hughes Phil
hughr001	Hughes Rhyne
hughr101	Hughes Roy
hught106	Hughes Terry
hught103	Hughes Tom
hught107	Hughes Tom
hught104	Hughes Tom
hught105	Hughes Tom
hught101	Hughes Tommy
hught001	Hughes Travis
hughv101	Hughes Vern
hughj102	Hughey Jim
hught102	Hughson Tex
huhne101	Huhn Emil
huisj001	Huisman Justin
huisr001	Huisman Rick
huism001	Huismann Mark
huleb101	Hulen Billy
hulet001	Hulett Tim
hulet002	Hulett Tug
hulih101	Hulihan Harry
hulle001	Hull Eric
hulsd001	Hulse David
hulsr101	Hulswitt Rudy
hulvh101	Hulvey Hank
humbp001	Humber Philip
humet001	Hume Tom
hummj101	Hummel John
hummt001	Hummel Tim
humpa101	Humphrey Al
humpb103	Humphrey Byron
humpr901	Humphrey Rich
humpt101	Humphrey Terry
humpb102	Humphreys Bob
humpm001	Humphreys Mike
humpb101	Humphries Bert
humpj102	Humphries John
humpj101	Humphries Johnny
hundn001	Hundley Nick
hundr101	Hundley Randy
hundt001	Hundley Todd
hungb101	Hungling Bernie
hunnb101	Hunnefield Bill
huntb101	Hunt Ben
huntd101	Hunt Dick
huntj102	Hunt Joel
huntj901	Hunt John
huntk102	Hunt Ken
huntk101	Hunt Ken
huntr001	Hunt Randy
huntr101	Hunt Ron
huntb102	Hunter Bill
huntb103	Hunter Bill
huntb105	Hunter Billy
huntb001	Hunter Brian
huntb002	Hunter Brian
huntb104	Hunter Buddy
huntj101	Hunter Catfish
huntc001	Hunter Cedric
hunte101	Hunter Eddie
huntg101	Hunter George
hunth101	Hunter Herb
huntj001	Hunter Jim
huntl101	Hunter Lem
huntn101	Hunter Newt
huntr002	Hunter Rich
huntt002	Hunter Tommy
huntt001	Hunter Torii
huntw102	Hunter Willard
hunts101	Huntz Steve
huntw101	Huntzinger Walt
huppd001	Huppert Dave
hurdt101	Hurd Tom
hurdc001	Hurdle Clint
hurld101	Hurley Dick
hurle901	Hurley Eddie
hurle001	Hurley Eric
hurlj102	Hurley Jerry
hurlj101	Hurley Jerry
hurld901	Hurley Michael
hurlg901	Hurll George
hursb002	Hurst Bill
hursb001	Hurst Bruce
hursd101	Hurst Don
hursj002	Hurst James
hursj003	Hurst Jimmy
hursj001	Hurst Jonathan
hurst801	Hurst Tim
hurte001	Hurtado Edwin
huskb001	Huskey Butch
husoj001	Huson Jeff
hustc101	Husta Carl
hustb102	Husted Bill
hustb101	Husting Bert
husth101	Huston Harry
hustw101	Huston Warren
hutcj102	Hutcheson Joe
hutcj101	Hutchings Johnny
hutcb101	Hutchinson Bill
hutcc001	Hutchinson Chad
hutce101	Hutchinson Ed
hutcf101	Hutchinson Fred
hutci101	Hutchinson Ira
hutcd001	Hutchison Drew
hutsh101	Hutson Herb
hutsr901	Hutson Ron
hutsr101	Hutson Roy
huttj101	Hutto Jim
huttm001	Hutton Mark
huttt101	Hutton Tom
hyath101	Hyatt Ham
hydeb801	Hyde Brandon
hyded101	Hyde Dick
hyert001	Hyers Tim
hyndj101	Hyndman William
hynec001	Hynes Colt
hynep101	Hynes Pat
hyzda001	Hyzdu Adam
iannc001	Iannetta Chris
iassd901	Iassogna Dan
ibanr001	Ibanez Raul
ibare001	Ibarra Edgar
iburh101	Iburg Ham
igarr001	Igarashi Ryota
igawk001	Igawa Kei
iglej001	Iglesias Jose
igler001	Iglesias Raisel
ignag101	Ignasiak Gary
ignam001	Ignasiak Mike
iguct001	Iguchi Tadahito
ilslb001	Ilsley Blaise
imlad101	Imlay Doc
incap001	Incaviglia Pete
incie001	Inciarte Ender
infaa001	Infante Alexis
infag001	Infante Gregory
infao001	Infante Omar
ingeb001	Inge Brandon
ingeb101	Ingersoll Bob
inges101	Ingerton Scotty
inglj001	Inglett Joe
ingrc101	Ingraham Charlie
ingrg001	Ingram Garey
ingrm101	Ingram Mel
ingrr001	Ingram Riccardo
inksb101	Inks Bert
innij001	Innis Jeff
iorgd001	Iorg Dane
iorgg001	Iorg Garth
iotth101	Iott Happy
iotth102	Iott Hooks
irabh001	Irabu Hideki
irelh101	Irelan Hal
irelt101	Ireland Tim
iribh001	Iribarren Hernan
irvim101	Irvin Monte
irvid001	Irvine Daryl
irwiu901	Irwin 
irwia101	Irwin Arthur
irwib101	Irwin Bill
irwic101	Irwin Charlie
irvie101	Irwin Ed
irwij101	Irwin John
irwip001	Irwin Phil
irwit101	Irwin Tommy
irwiw101	Irwin Walt
isaal801	Isaac Luis
isalo101	Isales Orlando
isbef101	Isbell Frank
ishik001	Ishii Kazuhisa
ishit001	Ishikawa Travis
isrij001	Isringhausen Jason
iviem101	Ivie Mike
ivorb901	Ivory Bill
iwakh001	Iwakuma Hisashi
iwama001	Iwamura Akinori
izquh101	Izquierdo Hank
izquh001	Izquierdo Hansel
iztuc001	Izturis Cesar
iztum001	Izturis Maicer
jablr101	Jablonski Ray
jackf101	Jacklitsch Fred
jackb901	Jackowski Bill
jacka101	Jackson Al
jacka001	Jackson Austin
jackb101	Jackson Bill
jackb001	Jackson Bo
jackb002	Jackson Brett
jackc901	Jackson Charles
jackc102	Jackson Charlie
jackc001	Jackson Chuck
jackc002	Jackson Conor
jackd003	Jackson Damian
jackd001	Jackson Danny
jackd101	Jackson Darrell
jackd002	Jackson Darrin
jackd901	Jackson Dick
jacke001	Jackson Edwin
jackg102	Jackson George
jackg101	Jackson Grant
jackh101	Jackson Henry
jackc101	Jackson Herby
jackj001	Jackson Jay
jackj103	Jackson Jim
jackj102	Jackson John
jackk001	Jackson Ken
jackl102	Jackson Larry
jackl101	Jackson Lou
jackl001	Jackson Luke
jackm001	Jackson Michael
jackm101	Jackson Mike
jackr102	Jackson Randy
jackr001	Jackson Reggie
jackr101	Jackson Ron
jackr002	Jackson Ron
jackr003	Jackson Roy Lee
jackr004	Jackson Ryan
jackr005	Jackson Ryan
jacks101	Jackson Sam
jackj101	Jackson Shoeless Joe
jacks102	Jackson Sonny
jacks001	Jackson Steven
jackt101	Jackson Travis
jackz001	Jackson Zach
jacoa101	Jacobs Art
jacob102	Jacobs Bucky
jacoe101	Jacobs Elmer
jacoj101	Jacobs Jake
jacom101	Jacobs Mike
jacom001	Jacobs Mike
jacoo101	Jacobs Otto
jacor101	Jacobs Ray
jacos101	Jacobs Spook
jacot101	Jacobs Tony
jacob002	Jacobsen Bucky
jacow101	Jacobson Baby Doll
jacob101	Jacobson Beany
jacom102	Jacobson Merwin
jacol101	Jacobus Larry
jacob001	Jacoby Brook
jacoh101	Jacoby Harry
jacoj001	Jacome Jason
jacqp101	Jacquez Pat
jacqt001	Jacquez Thomas
jaecj101	Jaeckel Jake
jaegc101	Jaeger Charlie
jaegj101	Jaeger Joe
jahaj001	Jaha John
jahna101	Jahn Art
jaimj001	Jaime Juan
jakuc001	Jakubauskas Chris
jakus101	Jakucki Sig
jamel101	Jamerson Lefty
jamea101	James Art
jameb104	James Bernie
jameb101	James Bert
jameb103	James Bill
jameb102	James Bill
jameb001	James Bob
jamec102	James Charlie
jamec001	James Chris
jamec002	James Chuck
jamec101	James Cleo
jamed002	James Delvin
jamed001	James Dion
jamej102	James Jeff
jamej101	James Johnny
jamej901	James Johnny
jamej001	James Justin
jamel102	James Lefty
jamem001	James Mike
jamer101	James Rick
james101	James Skip
jamic101	Jamieson Charlie
janej101	Janeski Gerry
janip001	Janish Paul
jankt001	Jankowski Travis
janov101	Janowicz Vic
jansk001	Jansen Kenley
jansl101	Jansen Larry
jansr101	Jansen Ray
jansc001	Janssen Casey
janth101	Jantzen Heinie
janud901	January Don
janvh101	Janvrin Hal
janzm001	Janzen Marty
jaraj001	Jaramillo Jason
jarar801	Jaramillo Rudy
jarvk001	Jarvis Kevin
jarvp101	Jarvis Pat
jarvr101	Jarvis Ray
jarvr102	Jarvis Roy
jasoj001	Jaso John
jasph101	Jasper Hi
jastl101	Jaster Larry
jatap101	Jata Paul
jausd801	Jauss Dave
javea101	Javery Al
javia101	Javier Al
javij101	Javier Julian
javis001	Javier Stan
jay-j101	Jay Joey
jay-j001	Jay Jon
jeand001	Jean Domingo
jeant101	Jeanes Tex
jeffg101	Jeffcoat George
jeffh101	Jeffcoat Hal
jeffm001	Jeffcoat Mike
jeffg001	Jefferies Gregg
jeffr901	Jeffers Ron
jeffw901	Jeffers W. W.
jeffj101	Jefferson Jesse
jeffr001	Jefferson Reggie
jeffs001	Jefferson Stan
jeffj001	Jeffress Jeremy
jeffi101	Jeffries Irv
jelic001	Jelic Chris
jelif101	Jelincich Frank
jelkg001	Jelks Greg
jelts001	Jeltz Steve
jenkc001	Jenkins Chad
jenkf101	Jenkins Fergie
jenkg001	Jenkins Geoff
jenkj101	Jenkins Jack
jenkj901	Jenkins Jeff
jenkj102	Jenkins Joe
jenkj103	Jenkins John
jenkm801	Jenkins Mack
jenkt101	Jenkins Tom
jenkb001	Jenks Bobby
jenna101	Jennings Alamazoo
jenna901	Jennings Andrew
jennb101	Jennings Bill
jennd003	Jennings Dan
jennd801	Jennings Dan
jennd002	Jennings Desmond
jennd001	Jennings Doug
jennh101	Jennings Hughie
jennj001	Jennings Jason
jennr001	Jennings Robin
jensj101	Jensen Jackie
jensm001	Jensen Marcus
jensr001	Jensen Ryan
jensw101	Jensen Willie
jensw102	Jensen Woody
jepsk001	Jepsen Kevin
jerzm001	Jerzembeck Mike
jessd101	Jessee Dan
jestg101	Jestadt Garry
jestv101	Jester Virgil
jeted001	Jeter Derek
jetej101	Jeter Johnny
jetes001	Jeter Shawn
jeths101	Jethroe Sam
jevnf901	Jevne Fred
jewen101	Jewett Nat
jewet801	Jewett Trent
jimec002	Jimenez Cesar
jimed001	Jimenez D'Angelo
jimee101	Jimenez Elvio
jimeg001	Jimenez German
jimeh001	Jimenez Houston
jimej002	Jimenez Jason
jimej001	Jimenez Jose
jimej101	Jimenez Juan
jimek001	Jimenez Kelvin
jimel002	Jimenez Luis
jimel001	Jimenez Luis Antonio
jimem101	Jimenez Manny
jimem001	Jimenez Miguel
jimeu001	Jimenez Ubaldo
jimec001	Jimerson Charlton
jirsm801	Jirschele Mike
joaqw001	Joaquin Waldis
jodib001	Jodie Brett
johjk001	Johjima Kenji
johnt001	John Tommy
johna101	Johns Augie
johnd003	Johns Doug
johnk001	Johns Keith
johno102	Johns Ollie
johnp101	Johns Pete
johnw901	Johns Richard
johnt104	Johns Tommy
johna907	Johnson A.J.
johna105	Johnson Abbie
johna106	Johnson Abe
johna001	Johnson Adam
johna901	Johnson Adrian
johna002	Johnson Alan
johna104	Johnson Alex
johna103	Johnson Art
johna102	Johnson Art
johnb105	Johnson Bart
johnb107	Johnson Ben
johnb003	Johnson Ben
johnb109	Johnson Bill
johnb001	Johnson Bill
johnb108	Johnson Billy
johnb102	Johnson Bob
johnb104	Johnson Bob
johnb103	Johnson Bob
johnb101	Johnson Bob
johnb002	Johnson Brian
johnb004	Johnson Brian
johnc002	Johnson Charles
johnc104	Johnson Charlie
johnc101	Johnson Chet
johnc102	Johnson Chief
johnc003	Johnson Chris
johnc001	Johnson Cliff
johnc103	Johnson Connie
johnd004	Johnson Dan
johnd002	Johnson Dane
johnd106	Johnson Darrell
johnd104	Johnson Dave
johnd001	Johnson Dave
johnd105	Johnson Davey
johnd103	Johnson Deron
johnd101	Johnson Don
johnd102	Johnson Don
johne105	Johnson Earl
johne104	Johnson Ed
johne002	Johnson Elliot
johnw101	Johnson Ellis
johne103	Johnson Elmer
johne001	Johnson Erik
johne003	Johnson Erik
johne102	Johnson Ernie
johne101	Johnson Ernie
johnf102	Johnson Footer
johnf103	Johnson Frank
johnf101	Johnson Fred
johng001	Johnson Gary
johnh101	Johnson Hank
johnh001	Johnson Howard
johnj007	Johnson Jason
johnj004	Johnson Jeff
johnj104	Johnson Jerry
johnj105	Johnson Jim
johnj010	Johnson Jim
johnj102	Johnson Jing
johnj003	Johnson Joe
johnj001	Johnson John Henry
johnj103	Johnson Johnny
johnj008	Johnson Jonathan
johnj009	Johnson Josh
johnk002	Johnson Keith
johnk003	Johnson Kelly
johnk101	Johnson Ken
johnk102	Johnson Ken
johnk004	Johnson Kris
johnl101	Johnson Lamar
johnl001	Johnson Lance
johnl103	Johnson Larry
johnb106	Johnson Lefty
johnl102	Johnson Lloyd
johnj101	Johnson Lou
johnl104	Johnson Lou
johnm901	Johnson Mark
johnm001	Johnson Mark
johnm003	Johnson Mark
johnm004	Johnson Mark
johnm006	Johnson Micah
johnm101	Johnson Mike
johnm002	Johnson Mike
johnn001	Johnson Nick
johno101	Johnson Otis
johnp102	Johnson Paul
johnr101	Johnson Randy
johnr001	Johnson Randy
johnr005	Johnson Randy
johnr104	Johnson Rankin
johnr105	Johnson Rankin
johnr008	Johnson Reed
johnr009	Johnson Rob
johnr002	Johnson Ron
johnr004	Johnson Rondin
johnr007	Johnson Rontrez
johnr103	Johnson Roy
johnr102	Johnson Roy
johnr003	Johnson Roy
johnr006	Johnson Russ
johns103	Johnson Si
johns104	Johnson Spud
johns102	Johnson Stan
johns901	Johnson Steamboat
johns001	Johnson Steve
johns101	Johnson Syl
johnt102	Johnson Tim
johnt103	Johnson Tom
johnt101	Johnson Tony
johnt002	Johnson Tyler
johnv101	Johnson Vic
johnw001	Johnson Wallace
johnw102	Johnson Walter
johnc105	Johnson William
johny104	Johnson Youngy
johnc901	Johnston Charles
johnr106	Johnston Dick
johnd107	Johnston Doc
johnf104	Johnston Fred
johng101	Johnston Greg
johnj107	Johnston Jimmy
johnj005	Johnston Joel
johnj106	Johnston Johnny
johnm005	Johnston Mike
johnr107	Johnston Rex
johnj002	Johnstone Jay
johnj901	Johnstone Jim
johnj006	Johnstone John
joinr101	Joiner Roy
jok-s101	Jok Stan
jokie001	Jokisch Eric
jolls101	Jolley Smead
jolld101	Jolly Dave
joneu102	Jones 
joneu103	Jones 
jonea003	Jones Adam
jonea001	Jones Al
jonea102	Jones Alex
jonea002	Jones Andruw
jonea101	Jones Art
joneb002	Jones Barry
joneb102	Jones Bill
joneb101	Jones Bill
joneb104	Jones Binky
joneb103	Jones Bob
joneb001	Jones Bob
joneb901	Jones Bob
joneb003	Jones Bobby
joneb004	Jones Bobby
joneb005	Jones Brandon
joneb105	Jones Broadway
joneb106	Jones Bumpus
jonec003	Jones Calvin
jonec104	Jones Charley
jonec105	Jones Charlie
jonec106	Jones Charlie
jonec004	Jones Chipper
jonec001	Jones Chris
jonec002	Jones Chris
jonec103	Jones Clarence
jonec102	Jones Cleon
jonec101	Jones Cobe
jonec107	Jones Cowboy
joned106	Jones Dale
joned102	Jones Dalton
joned105	Jones Darryl
joned104	Jones Davy
joned002	Jones Dax
joned107	Jones Deacon
joned101	Jones Deacon
joned103	Jones Dick
joned001	Jones Doug
jonee102	Jones Earl
jonee101	Jones Elijah
jonef102	Jones Fielder
jonef101	Jones Frank
joneg002	Jones Garrett
joneg102	Jones Gary
joneg801	Jones Gary
joneg101	Jones Gordon
joneg001	Jones Greg
joneh103	Jones Hal
joneh104	Jones Henry
joneh102	Jones Henry
joneh101	Jones Howie
joneh001	Jones Hunter
jonej107	Jones Jack (DA)
jonej003	Jones Jacque
jonej106	Jones Jake
jonej005	Jones James
jonej004	Jones Jason
jonej001	Jones Jeff
jonej101	Jones Jeff
jonej105	Jones Jim
jonej901	Jones Jim
jonej002	Jones Jimmy
jonej801	Jones Joe
jonej103	Jones John
jonej104	Jones Johnny
jonek101	Jones Ken
jonel101	Jones Levin
jonel001	Jones Lynn
jonem102	Jones Mack
jonem002	Jones Marcus
jonem101	Jones Mike
jonem001	Jones Mike
jonem003	Jones Mitch
jonen001	Jones Nate
jonen101	Jones Nippy
joneo001	Jones Odell
joneo101	Jones Oscar
jonep101	Jones Percy
joner101	Jones Randy
joner103	Jones Red
joner901	Jones Red
jonej102	Jones Ri
joner102	Jones Rick
joner003	Jones Ricky
joner004	Jones Ron
joner001	Jones Ross
joner002	Jones Ruppert
jones104	Jones Sad Sam
jones105	Jones Sam
jones103	Jones Sheldon
jones102	Jones Sherman
jones001	Jones Stacy
jones101	Jones Steve
jonet004	Jones Terry
jonet102	Jones Tex
jonet002	Jones Tim
jonet101	Jones Timothy
jonet003	Jones Todd
jonet103	Jones Tom
jonet801	Jones Tommy
jonet001	Jones Tracy
jonew101	Jones Willie
jonnb101	Jonnard Bubber
jonnc101	Jonnard Claude
joose101	Joost Eddie
jordl901	Jorda Lou
jordb901	Jordan Bill
jordb001	Jordan Brian
jordb101	Jordan Buck
jordc101	Jordan Charlie
jordd101	Jordan Dutch
jordh901	Jordan Harold
jordh101	Jordan Harry
jordj101	Jordan Jimmy
jordk001	Jordan Kevin
jordm102	Jordan Mike
jordm101	Jordan Milt
jordn101	Jordan Niles
jordr002	Jordan Ricardo
jordr001	Jordan Ricky
jordr101	Jordan Rip
jords001	Jordan Scott
jords101	Jordan Slats
jordt001	Jordan Taylor
jordt101	Jordan Tim
jordt102	Jordan Tom
jorga101	Jorgens Arndt
jorgo101	Jorgens Orville
jorgm001	Jorgensen Mike
jorgp101	Jorgensen Pinky
jorgr001	Jorgensen Ryan
jorgs101	Jorgensen Spider
jorgt001	Jorgensen Terry
josef001	Jose Felix
joseu901	Jose Victor
josec002	Joseph Caleb
josec001	Joseph Corban
josed001	Joseph Donnie
josek001	Joseph Kevin
joser101	Joseph Rick
josed101	Josephson Duane
joshv101	Joshua Von
jossa101	Joss Addie
jostm901	Jost Mike
jourt101	Jourdan Ted
jourj001	Journell Jimmy
joy-p101	Joy Pop
joycb101	Joyce Bill
joycb102	Joyce Bob
joycc901	Joyce C.E.
joycd101	Joyce Dick
joycu101	Joyce George
joycj901	Joyce Jim
joycm001	Joyce Matthew
joycm101	Joyce Mike
joynw001	Joyner Wally
juddm001	Judd Mike
juddo101	Judd Oscar
juddr101	Judd Ralph
judef101	Jude Frank
judej001	Juden Jeff
judgj101	Judge Joe
judnw101	Judnich Wally
judsh101	Judson Howie
judyj001	Judy Josh
judyl101	Judy Lyle
juelr101	Juelich Red
julij901	Julian Joseph
julij001	Julio Jorge
jumog101	Jumonville George
jumph901	Jumper Howard
junge001	Junge Eric
jungk101	Jungels Ken
jungt001	Jungmann Taylor
jurae001	Jurak Ed
jurem101	Jurewicz Mike
jurgb101	Jurges Billy
juria101	Jurisich Al
jurrj001	Jurrjens Jair
justj101	Just Joe
justd001	Justice David
justw101	Justis Walt
jutzs101	Jutze Skip
juulh102	Juul Herb
juulh101	Juul Herold
kaaik001	Ka'aihue Kila
kaatj101	Kaat Jim
kadij101	Kading Jack
kafoj101	Kafora Jake
kahdi101	Kahdot Ike
kahln101	Kahl Nick
kahlb101	Kahle Bob
kahlg101	Kahler George
kahnl801	Kahn Lou
kahno101	Kahn Owen
kahns901	Kahn S.L.
kahnt001	Kahnle Tommy
kahom101	Kahoe Mike
kaind101	Kainer Don
kaisa101	Kaiser Al
kaisb101	Kaiser Bob
kaisd101	Kaiser Don
kaisj001	Kaiser Jeff
kaisk901	Kaiser Ken
kaisg101	Kaiserling George
kalaj101	Kalahan John
kalbc101	Kalbfus Charlie
kalfb101	Kalfass Bill
kalif101	Kalin Frank
kalia101	Kaline Al
kalir001	Kalish Ryan
kallr101	Kallio Rudy
kamis001	Kamieniecki Scott
kammw101	Kamm Willie
kammb101	Kammeyer Bob
kampi101	Kamp Ike
kampa101	Kampouris Alex
kanef101	Kane Frank
kaneh101	Kane Harry
kanej101	Kane Jerry
kanej104	Kane Jim
kanej103	Kane John
kanej102	Kane John
kanes901	Kane Steve
kanet101	Kane Tom
kaner101	Kanehl Rod
kangj001	Kang Jung Ho
kante101	Kantlehner Erv
kapla901	Kaplan Al
kaplg001	Kapler Gabe
kapph101	Kappel Heinie
kappj101	Kappel Joe
karcm001	Karchner Matt
kardp101	Kardow Paul
karge101	Karger Ed
karkr001	Karkovice Ron
karla101	Karl Andy
karls001	Karl Scott
karlb101	Karlon Bill
karnb101	Karns Bill
karnn001	Karns Nathan
karnj001	Karnuth Jason
karom101	Karow Marty
karpr001	Karp Ryan
karph101	Karpel Herb
karrb101	Karr Benn
karre001	Karros Eric
karss001	Karsay Steve
karsj101	Karst John
karsj001	Karstens Jeff
kasht001	Kashiwada Takashi
kaske101	Kasko Eddie
katam001	Kata Matt
katoj101	Katoll Jack
kattr101	Katt Ray
katzb101	Katz Bob
katzt901	Katzenmeier Travis
kaufb101	Kauff Benny
kaufd101	Kauffman Dick
kaufc001	Kaufman Curt
kauft101	Kaufmann Tony
kavac101	Kavanagh Charlie
kaval101	Kavanagh Leo
kavam101	Kavanagh Marty
kavuj901	Kavulich Joe
kawak001	Kawakami Kenshin
kawam001	Kawasaki Munenori
kay-b101	Kay Bill
kayej001	Kaye Justin
kazae101	Kazak Eddie
kazat101	Kazanski Ted
kazms002	Kazmar Sean
kazms001	Kazmir Scott
keagg001	Keagle Greg
keals101	Kealey Steve
keanj801	Keane Johnny
kearb001	Kearney Bob
keara001	Kearns Austin
keart102	Kearns Teddy
keart101	Kearns Tom
keare101	Kearse Eddie
kease101	Keas Ed
keatb101	Keating Bob
keatc101	Keating Chick
keatr101	Keating Ray
keatg101	Keatley Greg
keckc101	Keck Cactus
keedp001	Keedy Pat
keefb101	Keefe Bobby
keefd101	Keefe Dave
keefg101	Keefe George
keefj101	Keefe John
keeft101	Keefe Tim
keegb101	Keegan Bob
keege101	Keegan Ed
keelw101	Keeler Willie
keelb102	Keeley Burt
keelb101	Keely Bob
keenb101	Keen Bill
keenv101	Keen Vic
keenk101	Keenan Jack
keenj104	Keenan Jim
keenj103	Keenan Jimmie
keenh101	Keener Harry
keenj101	Keener Jeff
keenj102	Keener Joe
keerg101	Keerl George
keesj101	Keesey Jim
keetr101	Keeton Rickey
kefff101	Keffer Frank
kehnc101	Kehn Chet
keifk101	Keifer Katsy
keisr001	Keisler Randy
keisb101	Keister Bill
keisw901	Keister Wayne
kekim101	Kekich Mike
kelak001	Kela Keone
kelbg101	Kelb George
kelim101	Keliher Mickey
kellg102	Kell George
kells102	Kell Skeeter
kelld101	Kelleher Duke
kellf103	Kelleher Frankie
kellh104	Kelleher Hal
kellj107	Kelleher John
kellm101	Kelleher Mick
kellc101	Keller Charlie
kelld801	Keller Dave
kellh103	Keller Hal
kellk002	Keller Kris
kellr101	Keller Ron
kellf102	Kellert Frank
kella101	Kellett Al
kellr104	Kellett Red
kelld102	Kelley Dick
kellh101	Kelley Harry
kellj902	Kelley J.P.
kellj106	Kelley Joe
kellk901	Kelley Kevin
kellm103	Kelley Mike
kells001	Kelley Shawn
kellt102	Kelley Tom
kellw901	Kelley W.W.
kellf101	Kelliher Frank
kella103	Kellner Alex
kellw101	Kellner Walt
kella102	Kellogg Al
kellb101	Kellogg Bill
kellj901	Kellogg Jeff
kelln101	Kellogg Nate
kellw102	Kellum Win
kellb105	Kelly Bill
kellb102	Kelly Bill
kellb104	Kelly Billy
kellb103	Kelly Bob
kellb001	Kelly Bryan
kellc001	Kelly Casey
kellc102	Kelly Charlie
kelld001	Kelly Don
kelle101	Kelly Ed
kellg901	Kelly Gene
kellh102	Kelly Herb
kellg101	Kelly High Pockets
kellj105	Kelly Jim
kellj102	Kelly Joe
kellj101	Kelly Joe
kellj001	Kelly Joe
kellj103	Kelly John
kellj104	Kelly John
kellk001	Kelly Kenny
kellk102	Kelly Kick
kellk101	Kelly King
kellm102	Kelly Mike
kellm801	Kelly Mike
kellm001	Kelly Mike
kellp101	Kelly Pat
kellp102	Kelly Pat
kellp001	Kelly Pat
kellr103	Kelly Red
kellr102	Kelly Ren
kellb002	Kelly Roberto
kellr001	Kelly Ryan
kells101	Kelly Speed
kellt101	Kelly Tom
kellt901	Kelly Toss
kellv101	Kelly Van
kelsb102	Kelsey Billy
kelsb101	Kelso Bill
keltk101	Keltner Ken
keltd001	Kelton David
keltj101	Kelty John
kemmb101	Kemmer Bill
kemmr101	Kemmerer Russ
kemmr102	Kemmler Rudy
kemnd101	Kemner Dutch
kempm001	Kemp Matt
kemps001	Kemp Steve
kendf101	Kendall Fred
kendj001	Kendall Jason
kenda101	Kenders Al
kendh001	Kendrick Howie
kendk001	Kendrick Kyle
kenne103	Kenna Ed
kenne104	Kenna Eddie
kenna001	Kennedy Adam
kennb102	Kennedy Bill
kennb103	Kennedy Bill
kennb104	Kennedy Bob
kennb101	Kennedy Brickyard
kennc901	Kennedy Charles
kennd101	Kennedy Doc
kenne102	Kennedy Ed
kenne101	Kennedy Ed
kenni001	Kennedy Ian
kennj801	Kennedy Jim
kennj106	Kennedy Jim
kennj001	Kennedy Joe
kennj104	Kennedy John
kennj105	Kennedy John
kennj101	Kennedy Junior
kennk801	Kennedy Kevin
kennm101	Kennedy Monty
kennr101	Kennedy Ray
kenns101	Kennedy Snapper
kennt101	Kennedy Ted
kennt001	Kennedy Terry
kennv101	Kennedy Vern
kenna101	Kenney Art
kennj103	Kenney Jerry
kennj102	Kenney John
kensl001	Kensing Logan
kente101	Kent Ed
kentj001	Kent Jeff
kentj901	Kent John
kentm101	Kent Maury
kents001	Kent Steven
kenwd102	Kenworthy Dick
kenwd101	Kenworthy Duke
keouj101	Keough Joe
keoum101	Keough Marty
keoum001	Keough Matt
keplm001	Kepler Max
keppb001	Keppel Bobby
keppj001	Keppinger Jeff
kepsk001	Kepshire Kurt
kerfc001	Kerfeld Charlie
kerig101	Keriazakos Gus
kerij901	Kerin John
kerij101	Kerins John
kerkb101	Kerksieck Bill
kerlo101	Kerlin Orie
kernb101	Kern Bill
kernj001	Kern Jim
kernj101	Kernan Joe
kerng101	Kernek George
kernr101	Kerns Russ
kerrb101	Kerr Buddy
kerrd101	Kerr Dickey
kerrd102	Kerr Doc
kerrj102	Kerr John
kerrm101	Kerr Mel
kerrj101	Kerrigan Joe
kersc001	Kershaw Clayton
kersj001	Kershner Jason
kerwd101	Kerwin Dan
kessd101	Kessinger Don
kessk001	Kessinger Keith
kessh101	Kessler Henry
kestr101	Kester Rick
ketcf101	Ketchum Fred
ketcg101	Ketchum Gus
kettp101	Ketter Phil
keucd001	Keuchel Dallas
keuph101	Keupper Henry
key-j001	Key Jimmy
keysb001	Keyser Brian
khals001	Khalifa Sam
kibbh101	Kibbie Hod
kibbj101	Kibble Jack
kiblj901	Kibler John
kickm001	Kickham Mike
kidam001	Kida Masao
kiecd001	Kiecker Dana
kiefj101	Kiefer Joe
kiefm001	Kiefer Mark
kiefs001	Kiefer Steve
kielb001	Kielty Bobby
kielj001	Kiely John
kiell101	Kiely Leo
kienb101	Kienzle Bill
kierk001	Kiermaier Kevin
kiesb001	Kieschnick Brooks
kiesr001	Kieschnick Roger
kigem001	Kiger Mark
kilbb001	Kilby Brad
kildp101	Kilduff Pete
kiled001	Kile Darryl
kilej101	Kiley John
kilgp001	Kilgus Paul
kilhp101	Kilhullen Pat
kilkm101	Kilkenny Mike
killh102	Killebrew Harmon
kille102	Killeen Evans
killh101	Killeen Henry
killb101	Killefer Bill
killr101	Killefer Red
killf101	Killen Frank
kille101	Killian Ed
killj101	Killilay Jack
kilrm102	Kilroy Matt
kilrm101	Kilroy Mike
kim-b001	Kim Byung-Hyun
kim-s001	Kim Sun-Woo
kim-w801	Kim Wendell
kimbc002	Kimball Cole
kimbg101	Kimball Gene
kimbn101	Kimball Newt
kimbs901	Kimball Shawn
kimbs101	Kimber Sam
kimbh101	Kimberlin Harry
kimbd101	Kimble Dick
kimbc001	Kimbrel Craig
kimeh101	Kime Hal
kimmb101	Kimm Bruce
kimmw101	Kimmick Wally
kimsc101	Kimsey Chad
kindj101	Kindall Jerry
kinde101	Kinder Ellis
kiner101	Kiner Ralph
kingc901	King Charles
kingc102	King Chick
kingc101	King Clyde
kingc001	King Curtis
kinge001	King Eric
kingh102	King Hal
kingj001	King Jeff
kingj101	King Jim
kingk001	King Kevin
kingl101	King Lee
kingl103	King Lee
kingl102	King Lynn
kingm101	King Marshall
kingn101	King Nellie
kingr001	King Ray
kings102	King Sam
kings103	King Silver
kings101	King Steve
kingw101	Kingdon Wes
kingm001	Kingery Mike
kingb101	Kingman Brian
kingd001	Kingman Dave
kingh101	Kingman Harry
kingg001	Kingsale Gene
kinkm001	Kinkade Mike
kinlw101	Kinloch Walt
kinnb901	Kinnamon Bill
kinnd101	Kinney Dennis
kinnj001	Kinney Josh
kinnm002	Kinney Matt
kinnw101	Kinney Walt
kinnm001	Kinnunen Mike
kinsb101	Kinsella Bob
kinse101	Kinsella Ed
kinsi001	Kinsler Ian
kinsu101	Kinsler William
kinst101	Kinslow Tom
kintb001	Kintzler Brandon
kinzm001	Kinzer Matt
kinzw101	Kinzie Walt
kinzh101	Kinzy Harry
kipnj001	Kipnis Jason
kippe901	Kipp Eden
kippf101	Kipp Fred
kippb001	Kipper Bob
kippt101	Kipper Thornton
kippe101	Kippert Ed
kirbc101	Kirby Clay
kirbj102	Kirby Jim
kirbj101	Kirby John
kirbk901	Kirby Ken
kirbl101	Kirby LaRue
kirbw001	Kirby Wayne
kircm101	Kircher Mike
kirkb101	Kirk Bill
kirkt101	Kirk Tom
kirkj101	Kirke Jay
kirkw101	Kirkland Willie
kirkm001	Kirkman Michael
kirke102	Kirkpatrick Ed
kirke101	Kirkpatrick Enos
kirkd101	Kirkwood Don
kirrj101	Kirrene Joe
kirsh101	Kirsch Harry
kiseg001	Kiser Garland
kishe101	Kish Ernie
kisir101	Kisinger Rube
kisob001	Kison Bruce
kissg801	Kissell George
kissb101	Kissinger Bill
kitsf101	Kitson Frank
kitsc101	Kitsos Chris
kitth801	Kittle Hub
kittr001	Kittle Ron
kittm101	Kittridge Malachi
klaeh101	Klaerner Hugo
klagf101	Klages Fred
klasd001	Klassen Danny
klaub101	Klaus Billy
klaub102	Klaus Bobby
klawa101	Klawitter Al
klawt001	Klawitter Tom
kleeo101	Klee Ollie
kleic101	Klein Chuck
kleig901	Klein Gus
kleil101	Klein Lou
kleip001	Klein Phil
kleiu901	Kleinbacher Barney
kleih101	Kleine Hal
kleit101	Kleinhans Ted
klein101	Kleinke Nub
kleir101	Kleinow Red
klemb901	Klem Bill
klemj901	Klemm Justin
klepe101	Klepfer Ed
klesr001	Klesko Ryan
klevj101	Kleven Jay
kliee101	Klieman Ed
kliml101	Klimchock Lou
klimr101	Klimkowski Ron
klinb103	Kline Bob
klinb104	Kline Bobby
klinr102	Kline Ron
klins101	Kline Steve
klins002	Kline Steve
klinb102	Kling Bill
klinj101	Kling Johnny
klinr101	Kling Rudy
klins001	Klingenbeck Scott
klinb101	Klinger Bob
klinj102	Klinger Joe
klinj001	Klink Joe
klipj101	Klippstein Johnny
klobf101	Klobedanz Fred
klops101	Klopp Stan
klozn101	Kloza Nap
klubc001	Kluber Corey
klugj101	Klugmann Joe
klume101	Klumpp Elmer
klusb101	Klusman Billy
klust101	Kluszewski Ted
klutm101	Klutts Mickey
klutc101	Kluttz Clyde
kmakj001	Kmak Joe
knabo101	Knabe Otto
knacb001	Knackert Brent
knapc101	Knapp Chris
knapr801	Knapp Rick
knauc101	Knaupp Cotton
knauf101	Knauss Frank
knauj901	Knauss Jim
knebc001	Knebel Corey
kneir101	Kneisch Rudy
knelp101	Knell Phil
knepb001	Knepper Bob
knepc101	Knepper Charlie
knerl101	Knerr Lou
knete101	Knetzer Elmer
knica001	Knicely Alan
knica101	Knickerbocker Austin
knicb101	Knickerbocker Bill
knifc801	Kniffin Chuck
knigb001	Knight Brandon
knigb901	Knight Brian
knigg101	Knight George
knigj103	Knight Jack
knigj102	Knight John
knigj101	Knight Jonah
knigl101	Knight Lon
knigr001	Knight Ray
knisp101	Knisely Pete
knobc001	Knoblauch Chuck
knodm101	Knode Mike
knodr101	Knode Ray
knoej001	Knoedler Justin
knolp101	Knoll Punch
knolh101	Knolls Hub
knoob101	Knoop Bobby
knorr001	Knorr Randy
knotf101	Knothe Fritz
knotg101	Knothe George
knote001	Knott Eric
knotj102	Knott Jack
knotj001	Knott Jon
knotg001	Knotts Gary
knotj101	Knotts Joe
knoue101	Knouff Ed
knowj102	Knowdell Jake
knowd101	Knowles Darold
knowj101	Knowles Jimmy
knowt101	Knowlson Tom
knowb101	Knowlton Bill
knoxa101	Knox Andy
knoxc101	Knox Cliff
knoxj101	Knox John
knudk001	Knudsen Kurt
knudg001	Knudson Guido
knudm001	Knudson Mark
koban101	Koback Nick
kobam001	Kobayashi Masahide
kobek101	Kobel Kevin
kobej001	Kobernus Jeff
kocha101	Koch Alan
kochb102	Koch Barney
kochb001	Koch Billy
kochb101	Kocher Brad
koecd101	Koecher Dick
koegp101	Koegel Pete
koehb101	Koehler Ben
koehp101	Koehler Pip
koeht001	Koehler Tom
koelb001	Koelling Brian
koenl101	Koenecke Len
koenf801	Koenig Fred
koenm101	Koenig Mark
koenw101	Koenigsmark Will
koese101	Koestner Elmer
kohlh101	Kohler Henry
kohlj101	Kohlman Joe
kohlr001	Kohlmeier Ryan
kohnm001	Kohn Michael
kokod101	Kokos Dick
kolbb001	Kolb Brandon
kolbd001	Kolb Danny
kolbe101	Kolb Eddie
kolbg101	Kolb Gary
kolld101	Kolloway Don
kolll901	Kolls Lou
kolpr101	Kolp Ray
kolsk101	Kolseth Karl
kolsh101	Kolstad Hal
komae001	Komatsu Erik
komis002	Komine Shane
komis001	Komiyama Satoru
kommf101	Kommers Fred
kommb001	Komminsk Brad
konep001	Konerko Paul
konee101	Konetchy Ed
konid101	Konieczny Doug
konia101	Konikowski Alex
konnm101	Konnick Mike
konob101	Konopka Bruce
konsj101	Konstanty Jim
kontg001	Kontos George
konud001	Konuszewski Dennis
koo-d001	Koo Dae-Sung
koobe101	Koob Ernie
koonc101	Koonce Cal
koong001	Koonce Graham
koonh101	Koons Harry
koosj001	Koosman Jerry
kopag101	Kopacz George
kopfl101	Kopf Larry
kopfw101	Kopf Wally
koplh101	Koplitz Howie
koplm001	Koplove Mike
koppm101	Kopp Merlin
koppj101	Koppe Joe
kopsg101	Kopshaw George
korcs101	Korcheck Steve
koreb001	Korecky Bobby
korea101	Kores Art
korig101	Korince George
koroj001	Koronka John
korwj101	Korwan Jim
koscg901	Kosc Greg
kosca101	Kosco Andy
koshj001	Koshansky Joe
koshc101	Koshorek Clem
koskb101	Koski Bill
koskc001	Koskie Corey
kosld101	Koslo Dave
koslk001	Koslofski Kevin
kosmm101	Kosman Mike
kostj101	Kostal Joe
kostf102	Koster Fred
kostf101	Kostro Frank
kotcc001	Kotchman Casey
kotsm001	Kotsay Mark
kottg001	Kottaras George
koufs101	Koufax Sandy
koukj101	Koukalik Joe
koupl101	Koupal Lou
kouzk001	Kouzmanoff Kevin
kowaf101	Kowalik Fabian
kowib001	Kowitz Brian
koy-e101	Koy Ernie
kozaa101	Kozar Al
kozlb001	Kozlowski Ben
kozmp001	Kozma Pete
kracj101	Kracher Joe
kraej001	Kraemer Joe
krafc101	Kraft Clarence
krakj101	Krakauskas Joe
kralj101	Kralick Jack
krals101	Kraly Steve
kramj101	Kramer Jack
kramr001	Kramer Randy
kramt001	Kramer Tom
krane101	Kranepool Ed
kranr801	Kranitz Rick
krapg101	Krapp Gene
krate001	Kratz Erik
krauj101	Kraus Jack
krauc101	Krause Charlie
krauh101	Krause Harry
kraum001	Krauss Marc
kraul101	Krausse Lew
kraul102	Krausse Lew
kravk101	Kravec Ken
kravd101	Kravitz Danny
krawr001	Krawczyk Ray
kreef101	Kreeger Frank
kreem101	Kreevich Mike
krehc101	Krehmeyer Charlie
kreim101	Kreitner Mickey
kreir101	Kreitz Ralph
kremr101	Kremer Ray
kremj001	Kremers Jimmy
kremj101	Kremmel Jim
krenw001	Krenchicki Wayne
kresc101	Kress Chuck
kresr101	Kress Red
kretl101	Kretlow Lou
kreur101	Kreuger Rick
kreuc001	Kreuter Chad
kreuf101	Kreutzer Frank
kricp101	Krichell Paul
krieb101	Krieg Bill
kriek101	Krieger Kurt
krish101	Krist Howie
krivr001	Krivda Rick
krocg101	Krock Gus
kroej001	Kroeger Josh
kroez001	Kroenke Zach
krohr101	Kroh Rube
kroli001	Krol Ian
krolj801	Krol Jack
krolg101	Kroll Gary
kronj101	Kroner John
kroom001	Kroon Marc
krsnm101	Krsnich Mike
krsnr101	Krsnich Rocky
krueb001	Krueger Bill
kruee101	Krueger Ernie
krueo101	Krueger Otto
krugc101	Krug Chris
krugg101	Krug Gene
krugh101	Krug Henry
krugm101	Krug Marty
kruga102	Kruger Abe
kruga101	Kruger Art
krukj001	Kruk John
krukm001	Krukow Mike
kruma101	Krumm Al
kryhd101	Kryhoski Dick
krynd001	Krynzel Dave
kubet101	Kubek Tony
kubej002	Kubel Jason
kubej001	Kubenka Jeff
kubit101	Kubiak Ted
kubit001	Kubinski Tim
kubij101	Kubiszyn Jack
kubik001	Kubitza Kyle
kubsg101	Kubski Gil
kucaj101	Kucab Johnny
kucej101	Kucek Jack
kuckj101	Kucks Johnny
kuczs101	Kuczek Steve
kuczb101	Kuczynski Bert
kuehk801	Kuehl Karl
kuehb101	Kuehne Bill
kuenh101	Kuenn Harvey
kuhaf101	Kuhaulua Fred
kuhej101	Kuhel Joe
kuhnb101	Kuhn Bub
kuhnk101	Kuhn Kenny
kuhnw101	Kuhn Walt
kuhnc101	Kuhns Charlie
kuipd001	Kuiper Duane
kullj101	Kull John
kulpr901	Kulpa Ron
kumem101	Kume Mike
kunkb101	Kunkel Bill
kunkj001	Kunkel Jeff
kuntr001	Kuntz Rusty
kunze101	Kunz Earl
kunze001	Kunz Eddie
kuo-h001	Kuo Hong-Chih
kuroh001	Kuroda Hiroki
kuror101	Kurosaki Ryan
kurow101	Kurowski Whitey
kurth101	Kurtz Hal
kusee101	Kusel Ed
kushe101	Kush Emil
kusic101	Kusick Craig
kusna101	Kusnyer Art
kustj101	Kustus Jul
kutcr001	Kutcher Randy
kutij101	Kutina Joe
kutym101	Kutyna Marty
kutzj001	Kutzler Jerry
kuwam001	Kuwata Masumi
kuzab101	Kuzava Bob
kvasa101	Kvasnak Al
kylea101	Kyle Andy
kyles801	Kyles Stan
lastt001	La Stella Tommy
laabc101	Laabs Chet
labaj001	Labandeira Josh
labic101	Labine Clem
laboc101	Laboy Coco
laceb001	Lacey Bob
lachc101	LaChance Candy
lachb801	Lachemann Bill
lachm101	Lachemann Marcel
lachr101	Lachemann Rene
lacha101	Lachowicz Al
lackj001	Lackey John
lacku101	Lackey William
lacop101	LaCock Pete
lacof001	LaCorte Frank
lacom001	LaCoss Mike
lacyg101	Lacy Guy
lacyk001	Lacy Kerry
lacyl001	Lacy Lee
laddh101	Ladd Hi
laddp001	Ladd Pete
laded101	Lade Doyle
ladet001	Ladendorf Tyler
lades101	Ladew Steve
lafaj101	Lafata Joe
lafff101	Lafferty Flip
laffa001	Laffey Aaron
lafie101	Lafitte Ed
lafop001	LaForest Pete
lafot101	LaForest Ty
lafrr101	LaFrancois Roger
lafrb001	LaFromboise Bobby
lagam001	Laga Mike
lagaj001	Lagares Juan
lagge101	Lagger Ed
lagrl101	LaGrow Lerrin
lahab001	LaHair Bryan
lahoj101	Lahoud Joe
lahtj001	Lahti Jeff
lairb001	Laird Brandon
lairg001	Laird Gerald
lajed101	Lajeskie Dick
lajon101	Lajoie Nap
lakee101	Lake Eddie
lakef101	Lake Fred
lakej101	Lake Joe
lakej001	Lake Junior
lakes001	Lake Steve
lakea101	Lakeman Al
laket001	Laker Tim
lallb001	Lalli Blake
lallb901	Lally Bud
lalld101	Lally Dan
lamaj101	Lamabe Jack
lamaa101	LaMacchia Al
lamah101	LaManna Hank
lamar101	Lamanno Ray
lamaf101	Lamanske Frank
lamab101	Lamar Bill
lamar001	LaMarre Ryan
lamaw101	LaMaster Wayne
lambd001	Lamb David
lambh901	Lamb Harry
lambj001	Lamb Jake
lambj101	Lamb John
lambj002	Lamb John
lambl101	Lamb Lyman
lambm001	Lamb Mike
lambr101	Lamb Ray
lambc001	Lambert Chris
lambc101	Lambert Clayton
lambg101	Lambert Gene
lambj901	Lambeth Jim
lambo101	Lambeth Otis
lamba001	Lambo Andrew
lamep101	Lamers Pete
lamlf101	Lamlein Fred
lamog101	Lamont Gene
lamob101	LaMotte Bobby
lampd001	Lamp Dennis
lampk101	Lampard Keith
lamph101	Lampe Henry
lampt001	Lampkin Tom
lampi901	Lamplugh Ian
lanad101	Lanahan Dick
lancl001	Lancaster Les
lancg101	Lance Gary
lancr001	Lancellotti Rick
landd103	Land Doc
landg101	Land Grover
landk101	Landenberger Ken
lands901	Landes Stan
landr001	Landestoy Rafael
landb101	Landis Bill
landd102	Landis Doc
landj103	Landis Jim
landk001	Landreaux Ken
landl101	Landreth Larry
landh101	Landrith Hobie
landb001	Landrum Bill
landc001	Landrum Ced
landd101	Landrum Don
landj102	Landrum Jesse
landj101	Landrum Joe
landt001	Landrum Tito
lanec101	Lane Chappy
laned101	Lane Dick
lanef901	Lane Frank
laneh101	Lane Hunter
lanej001	Lane Jason
lanej101	Lane Jerry
lanem101	Lane Marvin
lanfs101	Lanford Sam
lanfw101	Lanfranconi Walt
langc101	Lang Chip
langd102	Lang Don
langm101	Lang Marty
langj901	Langden Joseph
langb102	Lange Bill
langd101	Lange Dick
lange101	Lange Erv
langf101	Lange Frank
langr002	Langerhans Ryan
langr001	Langford Rick
langs101	Langford Sam
langb101	Langsford Bob
langm001	Langston Mark
langm002	Langwell Matt
lanih101	Lanier Hal
lanim101	Lanier Max
lanir101	Lanier Rimp
lanic901	Lanigan Charles
lankf001	Lankford Frank
lankr001	Lankford Ray
lannj001	Lannan John
lannj101	Lanning Johnny
lannr101	Lanning Red
lannt101	Lanning Tom
lansc001	Lansford Carney
lansj101	Lansford Joe
lansg101	Lansing Gene
lansm001	Lansing Mike
lapap102	LaPalme Paul
lapap101	Lapan Pete
lapir901	LaPierre Richard
lapia101	Lapihuska Andy
lapod001	LaPoint Dave
lapor101	LaPointe Ralph
lapom001	LaPorta Matt
lapof101	LaPorte Frank
lappj101	Lapp Jack
laraj001	Lara Juan
laray001	Lara Yovanny
larij001	Larish Jeff
larkn101	Larker Norm
larku101	Larkin 
larka001	Larkin Andy
larkb001	Larkin Barry
larke101	Larkin Ed
larkg001	Larkin Gene
larkh101	Larkin Henry
larkp101	Larkin Pat
larks001	Larkin Stephen
larks101	Larkin Steve
larkt101	Larkin Terry
larmb101	Larmore Bob
larog001	LaRocca Greg
laroa001	LaRoche Adam
laroa002	LaRoche Andy
larod101	LaRoche Dave
laros101	LaRocque Sam
laroj101	LaRose John
larov101	LaRose Vic
laroh101	LaRoss Harry
larsd102	Larsen Don
larss101	Larsen Swede
larsb001	Larson Brandon
larsd101	Larson Dan
laruj001	LaRue Jason
larut101	LaRussa Tony
larya101	Lary Al
laryf101	Lary Frank
laryl101	Lary Lyn
lashf101	Lasher Fred
laskb001	Laskey Bill
laslb101	Lasley Bill
lasot101	Lasorda Tom
lassd101	Lassetter Don
latha101	Latham Arlie
lathb001	Latham Bill
lathc001	Latham Chris
lathj101	Latham Jumbo
lathc101	Lathers Chick
lathb101	Lathrop Bill
latit101	Latimer Tacks
latmb101	Latman Barry
latom001	Latos Mat
lattb101	Lattimore Bill
lau-c101	Lau Charlie
laudb901	Laude Bill
laudb101	Lauder Billy
laudt001	Laudner Tim
lauec101	Lauer Chuck
laugb101	Laughlin Ben
lougw901	Laughlin William
lautb101	Lauterborn Bill
lauzg101	Lauzerique George
lauzj901	Lauzon Jacques
lavac101	Lavagetto Cookie
lavam001	LaValliere Mike
lavad101	Lavan Doc
lavar001	Lavarnway Ryan
laveg001	Lavelle Gary
lavej101	Lavender Jimmy
lavia101	LaVigne Art
lavij101	Lavin Johnny
law-r101	Law Ron
law-r001	Law Rudy
law-v001	Law Vance
law-v101	Law Vern
lawig101	Lawing Garland
lawlj901	Lawler John
lawlt001	Lawless Tom
lawlm101	Lawlor Mike
lawrb101	Lawrence Bill
lawrb102	Lawrence Bob
lawrb001	Lawrence Brian
lawrb103	Lawrence Brooks
lawrj101	Lawrence Jim
lawrj001	Lawrence Joe
lawrs001	Lawrence Sean
lawrb002	Lawrie Brett
lawro101	Lawry Otis
lawsa101	Lawson Al
lawsb901	Lawson Bill
lawsb101	Lawson Bob
lawsr101	Lawson Roxie
lawss101	Lawson Steve
lawtm001	Lawton Marcus
lawtm002	Lawton Matt
laxtb101	Laxton Bill
laxtb001	Laxton Brett
layat001	Layana Tim
laydg101	Layden Gene
laydp101	Layden Pete
laynh102	Layne Herman
laynh101	Layne Hillis
laynj901	Layne Jerry
laynt001	Layne Tom
laytl101	Layton Les
lazad101	Lazar Danny
lazar901	Lazar Richie
lazor001	Lazo Raudel
lazoj101	Lazor Johnny
lazoj001	Lazorko Jack
lazzt101	Lazzeri Tony
lea-c001	Lea Charlie
leacb001	Leach Brent
leacf101	Leach Freddy
leach901	Leach Harry
leacj001	Leach Jalal
leacr001	Leach Rick
leact001	Leach Terry
leact101	Leach Tommy
leadb801	Leadley Bob
leagb001	League Brandon
leahd101	Leahy Dan
leaht101	Leahy Tom
leakm001	Leake Mike
leall001	Leal Luis
learf102	Lear Fred
leark101	Lear King
learb101	Leard Bill
learf101	Leary Frank
learj102	Leary Jack
learj101	Leary John
learr801	Leary Rob
leart001	Leary Tim
leath101	Leathers Hal
leatj001	Leathersich Jack
lebee101	Leber Emil
leblw001	LeBlanc Wade
lebob101	LeBourveau Bevo
leclg101	LeClair George
leclu901	LeClerc 
lecrm001	LeCroy Matt
lecus001	LeCure Sam
ledbr101	Ledbetter Razor
leder001	Ledee Ricky
ledea001	Ledesma Aaron
ledew001	Ledezma Wil
ledwm101	Ledwith Mike
lee-b103	Lee Bill
lee-b101	Lee Bill
lee-b102	Lee Billy
lee-b104	Lee Bob
lee-c004	Lee C.C.
lee-c001	Lee Carlos
lee-c101	Lee Cliff
lee-c003	Lee Cliff
lee-c002	Lee Corey
lee-d003	Lee David
lee-d001	Lee Derek
lee-d002	Lee Derrek
lee-d102	Lee Don
lee-d101	Lee Dud
lee-h101	Lee Hal
lee-l102	Lee Leonidas
lee-l101	Lee Leron
lee-m001	Lee Manuel
lee-m101	Lee Mark
lee-m002	Lee Mark
lee-m102	Lee Mike
lee-r101	Lee Roy
lee-s001	Lee Sang-Hoon
lee-t001	Lee Terry
lee-t101	Lee Thornton
lee-t102	Lee Tom
lee-t002	Lee Travis
lee-w101	Lee Watty
lee-z001	Lee Zach
leekg101	Leek Gene
leepd001	Leeper Dave
leesg101	Lees George
leesc001	Leesman Charlie
leevs101	Leever Sam
lefeb101	LeFebvre Bill
lefej101	Lefebvre Jim
lefej001	Lefebvre Joe
lefea101	Lefevre Al
leffc001	Lefferts Craig
leflw101	Lefler Wade
leflr101	LeFlore Ron
leftp001	Leftwich Phil
legel101	Legett Lou
leggg001	Legg Greg
lehaj101	Lehan James
leham101	Lehane Mike
leher101	Leheny Regis
lehej101	Lehew Jim
lehmk101	Lehman Ken
lehnp101	Lehner Paul
lehrc101	Lehr Clarence
lehrj001	Lehr Justin
lehrn101	Lehr Norm
leibh101	Leiber Hank
leibn101	Leibold Nemo
leibc001	Leibrandt Charlie
leicj001	Leicester Jon
leife101	Leifer Elmer
leifl101	Leifield Lefty
leigj101	Leighton John
leinb101	Leinhauser Bill
leipe101	Leip Ed
leipd001	Leiper Dave
leipj101	Leiper Jack
leipt801	Leiper Tim
leisj001	Leister John
leita001	Leiter Al
leitm001	Leiter Mark
leitb101	Leith Bill
leitd102	Leitner Doc
leitd101	Leitner Dummy
leius001	Leius Scott
lejaf101	Leja Frank
lejel101	Lejeune Sheldon
lejod101	LeJohn Don
lelib101	Lelivelt Bill
lelij101	Lelivelt Jack
lemad001	LeMahieu DJ
lemad101	Lemanczyk Dave
lemad102	Lemaster Denny
lemaj001	LeMaster Johnnie
lemad103	LeMay Dick
lembs101	Lembo Steve
lemkm001	Lemke Mark
lemob101	Lemon Bob
lemoc001	Lemon Chet
lemoj101	Lemon Jim
lemod101	Lemonds Dave
lemom101	Lemongello Mark
lenhd101	Lenhardt Don
lennb101	Lennon Bill
lennb102	Lennon Bob
lenne101	Lennon Ed
lennp001	Lennon Pat
lenne102	Lennox Ed
lentj101	Lentine Jim
leutu101	Lenz David
leona001	Leon Arnold
leond002	Leon Danny
leone102	Leon Eddie
leoni101	Leon Izzy
leonj002	Leon Jose
leonm101	Leon Max
leons001	Leon Sandy
leonu101	Leonard 
leona101	Leonard Andy
leond001	Leonard Dennis
leond102	Leonard Dutch
leond103	Leonard Dutch
leone101	Leonard Elmer
leonj901	Leonard J.
leonj001	Leonard Jeffrey
leonj101	Leonard Joe
leonm001	Leonard Mark
leond003	Leone Dominic
leonj003	Leone Justin
leond101	Leonhard Dave
leopr101	Leopold Rudy
leovj101	Leovich John
lepct101	Lepcio Ted
lepip101	LePine Pete
leppt901	Lepperd Tom
leppd102	Leppert Don
leppd101	Leppert Don
lercr001	Lerch Randy
lercd101	Lerchen Dutch
lercg101	Lerchen George
lerea001	Lerew Anthony
leriw101	Lerian Walt
leroc001	Leroux Chris
leroi901	Leroy Isaac
leroj001	LeRoy John
lerol101	LeRoy Louis
lersb101	Lersch Barry
lerus001	Lerud Steven
leshb001	Lesher Brian
leshd101	Leshnock Don
leskc001	Leskanic Curt
leslb001	Lesley Brad
leslr101	Leslie Roy
lesls101	Leslie Sam
lestj001	Lester Jon
letcc101	Letchas Charlie
letct101	Letcher Tom
lettj801	Lett Jim
levaj101	Levan Jesse
levad801	LeVangie Dana
levew101	Leverenz Walt
leved101	Leverett Dixie
leveh101	Leverette Hod
levej901	Levet Jay
levej101	Levey Jim
levia001	Levine Al
levic101	Levis Charlie
levij001	Levis Jesse
levra001	Levrault Allen
levsd101	Levsen Dutch
levye101	Levy Ed
levyl801	Levy Len
lewad101	Lewallyn Dennis
lewad102	Lewandowski Dan
lewiu101	Lewis 
lewia101	Lewis Allan
lewib102	Lewis Bert
lewib101	Lewis Bill
lewib103	Lewis Buddy
lewic001	Lewis Colby
lewid001	Lewis Darren
lewid101	Lewis Duffy
lewif101	Lewis Fred
lewif001	Lewis Fred
lewij101	Lewis Jack
lewij003	Lewis Jensen
lewij001	Lewis Jim
lewij002	Lewis Jim
lewij102	Lewis Johnny
lewim001	Lewis Mark
lewip101	Lewis Phil
lewir001	Lewis Richie
lewir002	Lewis Rommie
lewis001	Lewis Scott
lewis002	Lewis Scott
lewit101	Lewis Ted
ley-t101	Ley Terry
leylj801	Leyland Jim
leyrj001	Leyritz Jim
leyvn801	Leyva Nick
lezcc101	Lezcano Carlos
lezcs001	Lezcano Sixto
libbs101	Libby Steve
libea001	Liberatore Adam
libka101	Libke Al
librf101	Libran Frankie
lickj101	Lickert John
liddd001	Liddell Dave
lidda001	Liddi Alex
liddd101	Liddle Don
lidds801	Liddle Steve
lidgb001	Lidge Brad
lidlc001	Lidle Cory
liebd101	Lieber Dutch
liebj001	Lieber Jon
liebm001	Lieberthal Mike
liebg101	Liebhardt Glenn
liebg102	Liebhardt Glenn
liefj001	Liefer Jeff
liesf101	Liese Fred
ligtk001	Ligtenberg Kerry
lillb102	Lillard Bill
lillg101	Lillard Gene
lillb001	Lillibridge Brent
lillj101	Lillie Jim
lilld001	Lilliquist Derek
lillb101	Lillis Bob
lillt001	Lilly Ted
lim-c001	Lim Chang-Yong
limaj001	Lima Jose
limml101	Limmer Lou
lin-c001	Lin Che-Hsuan
linaj801	Linares Julio
linar001	Linares Rufino
linct001	Lincecum Tim
lincb001	Lincoln Brad
lince101	Lincoln Ezra
lincf901	Lincoln Fred
lincm001	Lincoln Mike
linda001	Lind Adam
lindc104	Lind Carl
lindj103	Lind Jack
lindj002	Lind Jose
lindv101	Lindaman Vive
linde102	Lindbeck Em
lindp101	Lindblad Paul
lindj004	Lindblom Josh
lindl101	Linde Lyman
lindj101	Lindell Johnny
lindj001	Lindeman Jim
lindb101	Lindemann Bob
linde101	Lindemann Ernie
lindt001	Linden Todd
lindw101	Linden Walt
lindj005	Lindgren Jacob
lindf001	Lindor Francisco
lindc103	Lindquist Carl
lindb102	Lindsay Bill
lindc101	Lindsay Chris
linds001	Lindsay Shane
lindb001	Lindsey Bill
lindd001	Lindsey Doug
lindj102	Lindsey Jim
lindj003	Lindsey John
lindr001	Lindsey Rod
linda101	Lindstrom Axel
lindc102	Lindstrom Charlie
lindf101	Lindstrom Freddie
lindm001	Lindstrom Matt
lines001	Linebrink Scott
lined101	Lines Dick
linhc101	Linhart Carl
linic001	Liniak Cole
linkf101	Link Fred
linkj001	Link Jon
linke101	Linke Ed
linsj901	Linsalata Joe
lintr101	Lint Royce
lintb101	Linton Bob
lintd001	Linton Doug
lintl101	Lintz Larry
linzp101	Linz Phil
linzf101	Linzy Frank
lipea101	LiPetri Angelo
lipoj101	Lipon Johnny
lippt101	Lipp Tom
lipsn101	Lipscomb Nig
lipsb101	Lipski Bob
liraf001	Lira Felipe
lirif001	Liriano Francisco
lirin001	Liriano Nelson
lirip001	Liriano Pedro
lirir001	Liriano Rymer
lis-j101	Lis Joe
liseh101	Lisenbee Hod
lisir101	Lisi Rick
liska101	Liska Ad
listp001	Listach Pat
listp101	Lister Pete
litsj001	Litsch Jesse
littm101	Littell Mark
littb001	Little Bryan
littg801	Little Grady
litth101	Little Harry
littj103	Little Jack
littj101	Little Jeff
littm001	Little Mark
litts001	Little Scott
littw901	Little Will
littd102	Littlefield Dick
littj102	Littlefield John
littc101	Littlejohn Carlisle
littd101	Littlejohn Dennis
littl101	Littleton Larry
littw001	Littleton Wes
littg001	Litton Greg
littj104	Littrell Jack
litwd101	Litwhiler Danny
liveb101	Lively Buddy
livej101	Lively Jack
livew101	Livengood Wes
livib001	Livingston Bobby
livim101	Livingston Mickey
livip101	Livingston Paddy
livij101	Livingstone Jake
livis001	Livingstone Scott
liz-r001	Liz Radhames
lizoa101	Lizotte Abel
llenw101	Llenas Winston
llewc101	Llewellyn Clem
lloyg001	Lloyd Graeme
lo--c001	Lo Chia-Jen
lodup001	Lo Duca Paul
loaie001	Loaiza Esteban
loanm101	Loan Mike
loanb101	Loane Bob
lobaj001	Lobaton Jose
lobeb801	Lobe Bill
lobef101	Lobert Frank
lobeh101	Lobert Hans
lobsk001	Lobstein Kyle
lochh101	Lochhead Harry
lockd101	Lock Don
lockb101	Locke Bobby
lockc101	Locke Chuck
lockj001	Locke Jeff
lockm102	Locke Marshall
lockr101	Locke Ron
lockm901	Locke William
lockb102	Locker Bob
lockk001	Lockhart Keith
lockg101	Locklear Gene
locks102	Locklin Stu
lockw101	Lockman Whitey
lockm101	Lockwood Milo
locks101	Lockwood Skip
lodid101	Lodigiani Dario
loe-k001	Loe Kameron
loebj901	Loeber Jerry
loepg101	Loepp George
loesb101	Loes Billy
loewa001	Loewen Adam
loewc001	Loewer Carlton
loftj001	Lofton James
loftk001	Lofton Kenny
loftd101	Loftus Dick
loftf101	Loftus Frank
loftt101	Loftus Tom
logab101	Logan Bob
logab001	Logan Boone
logaj101	Logan Johnny
logan001	Logan Nook
lohmp101	Lohman Pete
lohrh101	Lohr Howard
lohrj101	Lohrke Jack
lohrb101	Lohrman Bill
lohsk001	Lohse Kyle
loisa101	Lois Alberto
loisr001	Loiselle Rich
lolim101	Lolich Mickey
lolir101	Lolich Ron
lolls101	Lollar Sherm
lollt001	Lollar Tim
lollr001	Lollis Ryan
lollm901	Lollo Mark
lomad001	Loman Doug
lomas001	Lomasney Steve
lombg001	Lombard George
lombe101	Lombardi Ernie
lombp001	Lombardi Phil
lombv101	Lombardi Vic
lombl101	Lombardo Lou
lombs001	Lombardozzi Steve
lombs002	Lombardozzi Steve
lomok001	Lomon Kevin
lonbj101	Lonborg Jim
lonew101	Lonergan Walter
lonej001	Loney James
longb002	Long Bill
longb902	Long Billy
longb001	Long Bob
longb901	Long Bob
longd101	Long Dale
longd102	Long Dan
longd801	Long Don
longh101	Long Herman
longj101	Long Jeoff
longj102	Long Jim
longj103	Long Jimmie
longj001	Long Joey
longk801	Long Kevin
longl101	Long Lep
longr101	Long Red
longr001	Long Ryan
longt002	Long Terrence
longu101	Long Tom
longt102	Long Tom
longt101	Long Tom
longt001	Longmire Tony
longe001	Longoria Evan
lonnj101	Lonnett Joe
lookb101	Look Bruce
lookd101	Look Dean
loonb001	Looney Brian
loopa001	Looper Aaron
loopb001	Looper Braden
loosp101	Loos Pete
lopae101	Lopat Eddie
lopas101	Lopata Stan
lopaa101	Lopatka Art
loped001	Lopes Davey
lopea102	Lopez Al
lopea002	Lopez Albie
lopea003	Lopez Aquilino
lopea101	Lopez Art
lopea004	Lopez Arturo
lopea001	Lopez Aurelio
lopec101	Lopez Carlos
lopef001	Lopez Felipe
lopeh101	Lopez Hector
lopej002	Lopez Javier
lopej001	Lopez Javy
lopej004	Lopez Jorge
lopej003	Lopez Jose
lopej801	Lopez Juan
lopel001	Lopez Luis
lopel002	Lopez Luis
lopel003	Lopez Luis
lopem101	Lopez Marcelino
lopem001	Lopez Mendy
lopem002	Lopez Mickey
lopep001	Lopez Pedro
loper002	Lopez Rafael
loper101	Lopez Ramon
loper001	Lopez Rodrigo
lopew001	Lopez Wilton
lordb101	Lord Bris
lordc101	Lord Carlton
lordh101	Lord Harry
lorel101	Lorenzen Lefty
lorem002	Lorenzen Michael
lorem001	Loretta Mark
lorra001	Lorraine Andrew
lospp901	Lospitalier Phil
lotzj101	Lotz Joe
loucs001	Loucks Scott
louda101	Loudell Art
loudb101	Louden Baldy
loudc101	Loudenslager Charlie
lougd001	Lough David
lougl101	Loughlin Larry
lougu101	Loughlin Patrick
lougb101	Loughran William
lound101	Loun Don
loupa001	Loup Aaron
louxs001	Loux Shane
loves101	Love Slim
lovet101	Lovelace Tom
lovev001	Lovelace Vance
lovel102	Lovenguth Lynn
lovej901	Lovett Jim
lovej101	Lovett John
lovel101	Lovett Len
lovem101	Lovett Mem
lovet102	Lovett Tom
lovij101	Loviglio Jay
lovij102	Lovitto Joe
lovrp101	Lovrich Pete
lovut001	Lovullo Torey
low-f101	Low Fletcher
lowdg101	Lowdermilk Grover
lowdl101	Lowdermilk Lou
loweb101	Lowe Bobby
lowec101	Lowe Charlie
lowed001	Lowe Derek
lowed101	Lowe Dick
loweg101	Lowe George
lowem002	Lowe Mark
loweq801	Lowe Q.V.
lowes001	Lowe Sean
lowej901	Lowell John
lowem001	Lowell Mike
lowej001	Lowenstein John
lowed002	Lowery Devon
lowet001	Lowery Terrell
lownt101	Lown Turk
lowrp101	Lowrey Peanuts
lowrj001	Lowrie Jed
lowrd001	Lowry Dwight
lowrj101	Lowry John
lowrn001	Lowry Noah
lowrs101	Lowry Sam
loynm001	Loynd Mike
lozaw001	Lozado Willie
lubrs101	Lubratich Steve
lubyh101	Luby Hal
lubyp101	Luby Pat
lucaj102	Lucadello Johnny
lucae001	Lucas Ed
lucaf101	Lucas Fred
lucag001	Lucas Gary
lucaj101	Lucas Johnny
lucar101	Lucas Ray
lucar102	Lucas Red
luccf801	Lucchesi Frank
lucef101	Luce Frank
lucej101	Lucey Joe
lucir901	Luciano Ron
lucic101	Lucid Con
lucil101	Lucier Lou
lucrj001	Lucroy Jonathan
lucyd001	Lucy Donny
ludef101	Luderus Fred
ludow101	Ludolph Willie
ludwe001	Ludwick Eric
ludwr001	Ludwick Ryan
ludwb101	Ludwig Bill
luebr101	Luebbe Roy
luebs101	Luebber Steve
luebl001	Luebbers Larry
luebc001	Luebke Cory
luebd101	Luebke Dick
luecr001	Luecken Rick
luekj001	Lueke Josh
luetl001	Luetge Lucas
luffh101	Luff Henry
lugoj001	Lugo Julio
lugor002	Lugo Ruddy
lugor001	Lugo Urbano
luhrt901	Luhr Terry
luhrw101	Luhrsen Wild Bill
lukar001	Lukachyk Rob
lukam001	Lukasiewicz Mark
lukem001	Luke Matt
lukea101	Lukens Al
luked901	Luker Dale
lukoe101	Lukon Eddie
lum-m101	Lum Mike
lumer101	Lumenti Ralph
lumlh101	Lumley Harry
lumpj101	Lumpe Jerry
lunah001	Luna Hector
lunam101	Luna Memo
lunaf001	Lunar Fernando
lundd102	Lund Don
lundg101	Lund Gordy
lundj101	Lundbom Jack
lundc101	Lundgren Carl
lundd101	Lundgren Del
lundd001	Lundquist David
lundt101	Lundstedt Tom
lunst001	Lunsford Trey
lunth101	Lunte Harry
lupit101	Lupien Tony
lupla101	Luplow Al
lupoc901	Lupo Charlie
luqud101	Luque Dolf
lusas001	Lusader Scott
lushm901	Lush 
lushb101	Lush Billy
lushe101	Lush Ernie
lushj101	Lush Johnny
luskc101	Luskey Charlie
lutel101	Lutenberg Luke
luttl101	Luttrell Lyle
lutzd001	Lutz Donald
lutzj101	Lutz Joe
lutzr102	Lutz Red
lutzz001	Lutz Zach
lutzr101	Lutzke Rube
luulk001	Luuloa Keith
luzig001	Luzinski Greg
lydem001	Lyden Mitch
lydys001	Lydy Scott
lylej101	Lyle Jim
lyles101	Lyle Sparky
lylej001	Lyles Jordan
lynca101	Lynch Adrian
lyncd101	Lynch Danny
lynce001	Lynch Ed
lynch101	Lynch Henry
lyncj101	Lynch Jack
lyncj102	Lynch Jerry
lyncm102	Lynch Mike
lyncm101	Lynch Mike
lynct102	Lynch Thomas
lynct101	Lynch Tom
lynct901	Lynch Tom
lyncw101	Lynch Walt
lynnb101	Lynn Byrd
lynnf001	Lynn Fred
lynnj101	Lynn Jerry
lynnl001	Lynn Lance
lynnr101	Lynn Red
lyonb003	Lyon Brandon
lyonr101	Lyon Russ
lyona101	Lyons Al
lyonb002	Lyons Barry
lyonb001	Lyons Bill
lyonc001	Lyons Curt
lyond101	Lyons Denny
lyone101	Lyons Ed
lyong101	Lyons George
lyonh102	Lyons Harry
lyonh101	Lyons Hersh
lyonp101	Lyons Pat
lyons001	Lyons Steve
lyont102	Lyons Ted
lyont103	Lyons Terry
lyont101	Lyons Toby
lyont001	Lyons Tyler
lysar001	Lysander Rick
lystb101	Lyston John
lytld101	Lytle Dad
lyttj101	Lyttle Jim
maasd101	Maas Duke
maask001	Maas Kevin
mabbf901	Mabbott Fred
mabeb101	Mabe Bob
mabec001	Mabeus Chris
mabrj001	Mabry John
macam101	MacArthur Mac
maccf101	MacCormack Frank
macdb101	Macdonald Bill
macdr001	Macdonald Bob
macdh101	MacDonald Harvey
mcdoj106	MacDonald Malcolm
macdm001	MacDougal Mike
macej101	Mace Harry
maceu101	Macey 
macfm001	Macfarlane Mike
macfd101	MacFayden Danny
macge101	MacGamwell Ed
machk101	Macha Ken
machm101	Macha Mike
macha002	Machado Alejandro
macha001	Machado Anderson
machd001	Machado Dixon
machj001	Machado Julio
machm001	Machado Manny
machr001	Machado Robert
machc101	Machemehl Chuck
machd101	Machemer Dave
machj002	Machi Jean
macid001	Macias Drew
macij001	Macias Jose
mackb101	Mack Bill
mackc101	Mack Connie
mackd101	Mack Denny
macke101	Mack Earle
mackf101	Mack Frank
mackj101	Mack Joe
mackq001	Mack Quinn
mackr101	Mack Ray
mackr102	Mack Reddy
macks001	Mack Shane
mackt001	Mack Tony
mackp101	Mackanin Pete
macke102	MacKenzie Eric
mackg101	MacKenzie Gordon
mackk101	MacKenzie Ken
mackf102	Mackiewicz Felix
mackj901	Mackin John
mackj102	Mackinson John
mackj801	Macko Joe
macks101	Macko Steve
mackr001	Mackowiak Rob
macle001	MacLane Evan
maclb101	MacLeod Billy
macll001	Maclin Lonnie
macom101	Macon Max
macpw101	MacPhee Waddy
macph101	MacPherson Harry
macrs001	MacRae Scott
macrm001	Macri Matt
macuj101	Macullar Jimmy
macwk101	MacWhorter Keith
maddb101	Madden Bunny
maddf101	Madden Frank
maddg101	Madden Gene
maddk101	Madden Kid
maddl101	Madden Len
maddm001	Madden Mike
maddm003	Madden Morris
maddt101	Madden Tommy
maddc101	Maddern Clarence
maddj801	Maddon Joe
maddc901	Maddox Charles
madde101	Maddox Elliott
maddg001	Maddox Garry
maddj101	Maddox Jerry
maddn101	Maddox Nick
maddg002	Maddux Greg
maddm002	Maddux Mike
madit101	Madigan Tony
madia101	Madison Art
madid101	Madison Dave
madis001	Madison Scotti
madje101	Madjeski Ed
madlb001	Madlock Bill
madra001	Madrid Alex
madrs101	Madrid Sal
madrw001	Madrigal Warner
madrb001	Madritsch Bobby
madsr001	Madson Ryan
maduc001	Maduro Calvin
maesh101	Maestri Hector
magad001	Magadan Dave
magae001	Magallanes Ever
mageb101	Magee Bill
magel101	Magee Lee
mages101	Magee Sherry
magew001	Magee Wendell
mageg901	Magerkurth George
maggh102	Maggert Harl
maggh101	Maggert Harl
magim001	Magill Matt
magij901	Maginnis Jim
magls101	Maglie Sal
magnm001	Magnante Mike
magnj102	Magner John
magns101	Magner Stubby
magnj101	Magnuson Jim
magnt001	Magnuson Trystan
magog101	Magoon George
magrj001	Magrane Joe
magrt001	Magrann Tom
magrp101	Magrini Pete
magrc001	Magruder Chris
montu901	Maguire 
maguf101	Maguire Freddie
maguj101	Maguire Jack
mcguu101	Maguire Thomas
mahaj101	Mahady Jim
mahaa102	Mahaffey Art
mahal101	Mahaffey Lou
mahar101	Mahaffey Roy
mahaa101	Mahan Art
mahaf101	Mahar Frank
mahak001	Mahar Kevin
mahab101	Maharg Billy
mahar001	Mahay Ron
maheb901	Maher Joe
mahet101	Maher Tom
mahlg101	Mahlberg Greg
mahlm001	Mahler Mickey
mahlr001	Mahler Rick
mahop002	Maholm Paul
mahop001	Mahomes Pat
mahoa101	Mahon Al
mahob101	Mahoney Bob
mahoc101	Mahoney Chris
mahod102	Mahoney Dan
mahod101	Mahoney Danny
mahom901	Mahoney Jerry
mahoj101	Mahoney Jim
mahoj001	Mahoney Joe
mahom101	Mahoney Mike
mahom001	Mahoney Mike
mahtm001	Mahtook Mikie
maieb101	Maier Bob
maiem001	Maier Mitch
maill001	Maile Luke
maile101	Mailho Emil
mailw101	Mails Duster
maina101	Main Alex
mainw102	Main Woody
mainj001	Maine John
mains001	Maine Scott
mainj101	Mains Jim
mainw101	Mains Willard
mairo001	Mairena Oswaldo
maisc101	Maisel Charlie
maisf101	Maisel Fritz
maisg101	Maisel George
majeh101	Majeski Hank
majeg001	Majewski Gary
majev001	Majewski Val
majtr801	Majtyka Roy
makof101	Makosky Frank
makot101	Makowski Tom
maksm001	Maksudian Mike
malab101	Malarkey Bill
malaj102	Malarkey John
malam001	Malaska Mark
malaj001	Malave Jose
malao801	Malave Omar
malac101	Malay Charlie
malaj101	Malay Joe
maldc001	Maldonado Candy
maldc002	Maldonado Carlos
maldc003	Maldonado Carlos
maldm001	Maldonado Martin
malej101	Maler Jim
malit101	Malinosky Tony
malic101	Malis Cy
malkb101	Malkmus Bobby
mallj801	Mallee John
mallj103	Mallett Jerry
mallb002	Mallette Brian
mallm101	Mallette Mal
mallr001	Mallicoat Rob
malll101	Mallon Les
mallb101	Mallonee Ben
mallj102	Mallonee Jule
mallj101	Mallory Jim
malls101	Mallory Sheldon
malla101	Malloy Alex
mallb102	Malloy Bob
mallb001	Malloy Bob
mallh101	Malloy Herm
mallm001	Malloy Marty
malmh101	Malmberg Harry
maloc001	Malone Chuck
maloe101	Malone Eddie
malof101	Malone Fergy
maloj901	Malone J.R.
malol101	Malone Lew
malom101	Malone Martin
malou901	Malone Martin
malop103	Malone Pat
malob101	Maloney Billy
maloc101	Maloney Charlie
maloc801	Maloney Chris
malog901	Maloney George
maloj102	Maloney Jim
maloj101	Maloney John
malom001	Maloney Matt
malop102	Maloney Pat
malos001	Maloney Sean
maloj801	Maloof Jack
malop101	Maloy Paul
maltg101	Maltzberger Gordon
malzf101	Malzone Frank
mamaa101	Mamaux Al
mancf101	Mancuso Frank
mancg101	Mancuso Gus
mandc101	Manda Carl
mandh101	Manders Hal
manes001	Maness Seth
meanp101	Maney Vincent
mangj101	Mangan Jim
mangm001	Mangini Matt
manga101	Mangual Angel
mangp101	Mangual Pepe
mangl101	Mangum Leo
mangg101	Mangus George
manic101	Manion Clyde
mankp101	Mankowski Phil
manlc101	Manlove Charlie
mannf101	Mann Fred
manng101	Mann Garth
mannj001	Mann Jim
mannj104	Mann Johnny
mannk001	Mann Kelly
mannl101	Mann Les
mannt901	Mann Terry
manna901	Mannassau Al
mannc001	Manning Charlie
mannd001	Manning David
manne101	Manning Ernie
mannj101	Manning Jack
mannj102	Manning Jim
mannj103	Manning Jim
mannr001	Manning Rick
mannr101	Manning Rube
mannt101	Manning Tim
mannd101	Manno Don
mawnj901	Manny J.H.
manoj001	Manon Julio
manor001	Manon Ramon
manrf001	Manrique Fred
mansj101	Mansell John
mansm101	Mansell Mike
manst101	Mansell Tom
mansj001	Manship Jeff
mansl101	Manske Lou
mansd801	Mansolino Doug
mantm001	Mantei Matt
mantf101	Mantilla Felix
mantm101	Mantle Mickey
mantj001	Manto Jeff
manub001	Manuel Barry
manuc101	Manuel Charlie
manuj101	Manuel Jerry
manum101	Manuel Moxie
manur001	Manuel Robert
manuf101	Manush Frank
manuh101	Manush Heinie
manvd101	Manville Dick
manwk001	Manwaring Kirt
manzj001	Manzanillo Josias
manzr001	Manzanillo Ravelo
manzt001	Manzella Tommy
maper101	Mapel Rolla
mapec101	Mapes Cliff
maplh101	Maple Howard
maplb901	Mapledoram Blake
mappg101	Mappes George
marap001	Marak Paul
marag101	Maranda Georges
marar101	Maranville Rabbit
marbf101	Marberry Firpo
marbw101	Marbet Walt
marcp101	Marchildon Phil
marcj101	Marcum Johnny
marcs001	Marcum Shaun
marel101	Marentette Leo
margj101	Margoneri Joe
marij101	Marichal Juan
maris001	Marimon Sugar Ray
marij001	Marinez Jhan
marij901	Marino Jimmy
marid101	Marion Dan
marim101	Marion Marty
marir102	Marion Red
marim001	Mariot Michael
marir101	Maris Roger
marij002	Marisnick Jake
markn001	Markakis Nick
markd101	Markell Duke
markg101	Markland Gene
markc101	Markle Cliff
markj001	Marks Justin
markm001	Marksberry Matt
marld101	Marlowe Dick
marmc001	Marmol Carlos
marnh101	Marnie Hal
marof101	Marolewski Fred
maron001	Maronde Nick
marol101	Marone Lou
marom001	Maroth Mike
marqr102	Marquard Rube
marqo101	Marquardt Ollie
marqa901	Marquez Alfonso
marqg101	Marquez Gonzalo
marqi001	Marquez Isidro
marqj002	Marquez Jeffrey
marql101	Marquez Luis
marqb101	Marquis Bob
marqj001	Marquis Jason
marqj101	Marquis Jim
marqr101	Marquis Roger
marrl101	Marr Lefty
marrc001	Marrero Chris
marrc101	Marrero Connie
marrd001	Marrero Deven
marre001	Marrero Eli
marro001	Marrero Oreste
marrw101	Marriott William
marrb101	Marrow Buck
marse102	Mars Ed
marsa101	Marsans Armando
marsf101	Marsh Fred
marsr901	Marsh Randy
marst001	Marsh Tom
marsb101	Marshall Bill
marsb001	Marshall Brett
marsc102	Marshall Chip
marsc101	Marshall Cuddles
marsd101	Marshall Dave
marsd102	Marshall Doc
marse101	Marshall Doc
marse001	Marshall Evan
marsu901	Marshall Frank
marsj001	Marshall Jay
marsj101	Marshall Jim
marsj102	Marshall Joe
marsk101	Marshall Keith
marsm102	Marshall Max
marsm101	Marshall Mike
marsm001	Marshall Mike
marsr101	Marshall Rube
marss002	Marshall Sean
marsw101	Marshall Willard
marsl001	Marson Lou
marss001	Marsonek Sam
marta005	Marte Alfredo
marta004	Marte Andy
martd004	Marte Damaso
martj007	Marte Jefry
martk001	Marte Ketel
martl003	Marte Luis
marts002	Marte Starling
martv002	Marte Victor
martd102	Martel Doc
marta102	Martin Al
marta001	Martin Al
martb101	Martin Babe
martb104	Martin Barney
martb103	Martin Billy
martb105	Martin Billy
martc007	Martin Chris
martc008	Martin Cody
martd101	Martin Doc
marte002	Martin Ethan
martf102	Martin Frank
martf101	Martin Fred
martg101	Martin Gene
marth101	Martin Hersh
martj107	Martin J.C.
martj005	Martin J.D.
martj109	Martin Jack
martj001	Martin Jerry
martj108	Martin Joe
martj105	Martin Joe
martj101	Martin John
martl004	Martin Leonys
martl901	Martin Lewis
martm001	Martin Mike
martm101	Martin Morrie
martn001	Martin Norberto
martp102	Martin Pat
martp101	Martin Paul
martp103	Martin Pepper
martp104	Martin Phonney
martr005	Martin Rafael
martr103	Martin Ray
martr001	Martin Renie
martr004	Martin Russell
marts102	Martin Speed
marts103	Martin Stu
martt003	Martin Tom
martj104	Martina John
martb901	Martine Bruce
marta101	Martinez Alfredo
marta003	Martinez Anastacio
martb001	Martinez Buck
martc002	Martinez Carlos
martc004	Martinez Carlos
martc006	Martinez Carlos
martc001	Martinez Carmelo
martc003	Martinez Chito
martc005	Martinez Cristhian
martd002	Martinez Dave
martd005	Martinez David
martd001	Martinez Dennis
martd003	Martinez Domingo
marte001	Martinez Edgar
martf001	Martinez Felix
martf002	Martinez Fernando
martg001	Martinez Greg
marth102	Martinez Hector
martj006	Martinez J.D.
martj003	Martinez Javier
martj004	Martinez Joe
martj103	Martinez Jose
martj002	Martinez Jose
martl001	Martinez Luis
martl002	Martinez Luis
martm002	Martinez Manny
martm102	Martinez Marty
martm003	Martinez Michael
martn002	Martinez Nick
marto001	Martinez Osvaldo
martp003	Martinez Pablo
martp001	Martinez Pedro
martp002	Martinez Pedro
martr002	Martinez Ramon
martr003	Martinez Ramon
martr102	Martinez Rogelio
marta002	Martinez Sandy
marts101	Martinez Silvio
martt102	Martinez Ted
martt002	Martinez Tino
martt001	Martinez Tippy
martt101	Martinez Tony
martv001	Martinez Victor
martw001	Martinez Willie
martw101	Martini Wedo
marts001	Martis Shairon
martj102	Marty Joe
martb102	Martyn Bob
martg102	Martz Gary
martr101	Martz Randy
marzj001	Marzano John
masao001	Masaoka Onan
mashc101	Mashore Clyde
mashd001	Mashore Damon
masip101	Masi Phil
maskh101	Maskrey Harry
maskl101	Maskrey Leech
masoc101	Mason Charlie
masod901	Mason Darrel
masod102	Mason Del
masod101	Mason Don
masoe101	Mason Ernie
masoh101	Mason Hank
masoj101	Mason Jim
masom801	Mason Marty
masom001	Mason Mike
masor001	Mason Roger
massg101	Massa Gordon
massn001	Masset Nick
massb101	Massey Bill
massm101	Massey Mike
massr101	Massey Red
mastd001	Masteller Dan
mastw102	Masters Walt
mastj001	Masterson Justin
mastp101	Masterson Paul
mastw101	Masterson Walt
mastt001	Mastny Tom
mastd002	Mastroianni Darin
mataf001	Mata Frank
matav001	Mata Victor
matal101	Matarazzo Len
matct101	Matchick Tommy
mateh001	Mateo Henry
matej002	Mateo Juan
matej001	Mateo Julio
matem001	Mateo Marcos
mater001	Mateo Ruben
mathm001	Matheny Mike
mathj002	Mather Joe
mathj102	Mathes Joe
mathb101	Mathews Bobby
mathe101	Mathews Eddie
mathg001	Mathews Greg
mathn101	Mathews Nelson
mathr801	Mathews Rick
matht002	Mathews T.J.
matht001	Mathews Terry
mathc102	Mathewson Christy
mathh101	Mathewson Henry
mathc101	Mathias Carl
maths001	Mathieson Scott
mathd001	Mathis Doug
mathj001	Mathis Jeff
mathr001	Mathis Ron
mathj101	Mathison Jimmy
matij101	Matias John
matlj101	Matlack Jon
matof001	Matos Francisco
matoj001	Matos Julius
matol001	Matos Luis
matoo001	Matos Osiris
matop001	Matos Pascual
matrd001	Matranga Dave
matsh001	Matsui Hideki
matsk001	Matsui Kazuo
matsd001	Matsuzaka Daisuke
matta101	Mattern Al
mattt001	Mattes Troy
mattc101	Matteson C.V.
matte102	Matteson Eddie
mattr001	Mattheus Ryan
mattb102	Matthews Charles
mattg001	Matthews Gary
mattg002	Matthews Gary
mathh801	Matthews Harry
mattj102	Matthews Joe
mattm001	Matthews Mike
mattw103	Matthews Wid
mattw102	Matthews William
mattd101	Matthewson Dale
matts101	Matthias Steve
mattb101	Mattick Bobby
mattw101	Mattick Wally
mattm101	Mattimore Mike
mattd001	Mattingly Don
matte101	Mattingly Earl
mattr101	Mattis Ralph
mattk001	Mattison Kevin
mattc102	Mattox Cloy
mattj101	Mattox Jim
matur101	Matula Rick
matub001	Matusz Brian
matul001	Matuszek Len
matuh101	Matuzak Harry
matzs001	Matz Steven
matzt001	Matzek Tyler
maucg101	Mauch Gene
mauch101	Mauck Hal
maueb901	Mauer Boyd
brooh101	Mauer Fred
mauej001	Mauer Joe
maula101	Maul Al
maulm101	Mauldin Mark
maune101	Maun Ernie
maund101	Mauney Dick
mauph101	Maupin Harry
maurb001	Maurer Brandon
maurd001	Maurer Dave
maurr001	Maurer Rob
maurr101	Mauriello Ralph
maurc101	Mauro Carmen
maust001	Mauser Tim
mavib101	Mavis Bob
maxcb001	Maxcy Brian
maxil101	Maxie Larry
maxvd101	Maxvill Dal
maxwb101	Maxwell Bert
maxwc101	Maxwell Charlie
maxwc901	Maxwell Corty
maxwj001	Maxwell Jason
maxwj002	Maxwell Justin
may-b901	May Ben
may-b101	May Buckshot
may-c101	May Carlos
may-d002	May Darrell
may-d101	May Dave
may-d001	May Derrick
may-j102	May Jakie
may-j101	May Jerry
may-l101	May Lee
may-l001	May Lucas
may-m001	May Milt
may-p101	May Pinky
may-r101	May Rudy
may-s001	May Scott
may-t001	May Trevor
mayay001	Maya Yuniesky
maybj101	Mayberry John
maybj001	Mayberry John
maybc001	Maybin Cameron
mayel101	Maye Lee
mayee103	Mayer Ed
mayee102	Mayer Ed
mayee101	Mayer Erskine
mayes101	Mayer Sam
mayew101	Mayer Wally
mayep101	Mayes Paddy
maynb101	Maynard Buster
maync101	Maynard Chick
maynb001	Mayne Brent
mayoe101	Mayo Eddie
mayoj101	Mayo Jackie
maysu901	Mays 
maysa101	Mays Al
maysc101	Mays Carl
maysj001	Mays Joe
maysw101	Mays Willie
maysm001	Maysey Matt
mayse001	Maysonet Edwin
mazal001	Maza Luis
mazeb101	Mazeroski Bill
mazzv001	Mazzaro Vin
mazzm101	Mazzera Mel
mazzl001	Mazzilli Lee
mazzl801	Mazzone Leo
mazzc001	Mazzoni Cory
mcadj101	McAdams Jack
mcafb101	McAfee Bill
mcalj102	McAleer Jimmy
mcalj101	McAleese Jack
mcalb101	McAllester Bill
mcals101	McAllister Sport
mcalz001	McAllister Zach
mcane101	McAnally Ernie
mcanj102	McAnany Jim
mcanj001	McAndrew Jamie
mcanj101	McAndrew Jim
mcanp001	McAnulty Paul
mcarj901	McArdle John
mcard101	McArthur Dixie
mcatb101	McAtee Bub
mcaui101	McAuley Ike
mcaud101	McAuliffe Dick
mcaug101	McAuliffe Gene
mcavg901	McAvoy Gary
mcavg101	McAvoy George
mcavt101	McAvoy Tom
mcavw101	McAvoy Wickey
mcbea101	McBean Al
mcbep101	McBee Pryor
mcbem001	McBeth Marcus
mcbrj101	McBride 
mcbra101	McBride Algie
mcbrb101	McBride Bake
mcbrd101	McBride Dick
mcbrg101	McBride George
mcbrk101	McBride Ken
mcbrm001	McBride Macay
mcbrm002	McBride Matt
mcbrp101	McBride Pete
mcbrt101	McBride Tom
mccab101	McCabe Bill
mccad102	McCabe Dick
mccaj108	McCabe Joe
mccar102	McCabe Ralph
mccas101	McCabe Swat
mccat104	McCabe Tim
mccac901	McCafferty Charles
mccah101	McCaffery Harry
mccas102	McCaffrey Sparrow
mccau101	McCaffrey William
mccab106	McCahan Bill
mccab105	McCall Brian
mccad101	McCall Dutch
mccal101	McCall Larry
mccaw102	McCall Windy
mccaj801	McCallister Jack
mccar001	McCament Randy
mccaj107	McCandless Jack
mccab002	McCann Brian
mccae101	McCann Emmet
mccag101	McCann Gene
mccaj001	McCann James
mccar101	McCardell Roger
mccab104	McCarren Bill
mccaa103	McCarthy Alex
mccaa102	McCarthy Arch
mccab103	McCarthy Bill
mccab001	McCarthy Brandon
mccag001	McCarthy Greg
mccaj105	McCarthy Jack
mccaj901	McCarthy Jack
mccaj106	McCarthy Jerry
mccaj101	McCarthy Joe
mccaj802	McCarthy Joe
mccaj103	McCarthy John
mccaj104	McCarthy Johnny
mccat102	McCarthy Tom
mccam001	McCarthy Tom
mccat103	McCarthy Tommy
mccaw101	McCarthy William
mccaj902	McCartney Joseph
mccaf101	McCarton Frank
mccad001	McCarty Dave
mccal102	McCarty Lew
mccat101	McCarver Tim
mccak001	McCaskill Kirk
mccas001	McCatty Steve
mccaa101	McCauley Al
mccab102	McCauley Bill
mccaj102	McCauley Jim
mccap101	McCauley Pat
mcchh101	McChesney Harry
mcclj104	McClain Joe
mccls001	McClain Scott
mcclp101	McClanahan Pete
mcclb101	McClellan Bill
mcclh103	McClellan Hervey
mcclk001	McClellan Kyle
mcclp001	McClellan Paul
mcclz001	McClellan Zach
mcclt901	McClelland Tim
mccll001	McClendon Lloyd
mcclm001	McClendon Mike
mcclj103	McCleskey Jeff
mcclu101	McCloskey 
mcclb102	McCloskey Bill
mcclj102	McCloskey Jim
mcclj801	McCloskey John
mcclj101	McCloskey John
mccls002	McClung Seth
mcclb001	McClure Bob
mcclh102	McClure Hal
mccll101	McClure Larry
mcclh101	McCluskey Harry
mccoa103	McColl Alex
mccor101	McConnaughey Ralph
mccoa101	McConnell Amby
mccog101	McConnell George
mccos101	McConnell Sam
mccos001	McConnell Sam
mccob105	McCool Billy
mccod101	McCormack Don
mccom102	McCormack Mike
mccob104	McCormick Barry
mccof101	McCormick Frank
mccoh101	McCormick Harry
mccoj101	McCormick Jerry
mccoj103	McCormick Jim
mccoj102	McCormick Jim
mccom101	McCormick Mike
mccom103	McCormick Mike
mccom104	McCormick Moose
mccob103	McCorry Bill
mccob101	McCosky Barney
mccow101	McCovey Willie
mccoa102	McCoy Art
mccob102	McCoy Benny
mccol901	McCoy Larry
mccom001	McCoy Mike
mccop001	McCoy Pat
mccrl101	McCrabb Les
mccrq001	McCracken Quinton
mccrt102	McCraw Tommy
mccrr001	McCray Rodney
mccru901	McCrea 
mccrf101	McCrea Frank
mccrj101	McCredie Judge
mccre101	McCreery Ed
mccrt101	McCreery Tom
mccrb001	McCrory Bob
mccru902	McCrum Fred
mccuf101	McCue Frank
mccul001	McCullers Lance
mccul002	McCullers Lance
mccuc102	McCullough Charlie
mccuc101	McCullough Clyde
mccup102	McCullough Paul
mccup101	McCullough Phil
mccuh101	McCurdy Harry
mccuj001	McCurry Jeff
mccua001	McCutchen Andrew
mccud001	McCutchen Daniel
mcdal101	McDaniel Lindy
mcdat001	McDaniel Terry
mcdav101	McDaniel Von
mcdar001	McDavid Ray
mcdej101	McDermott James
mcdem103	McDermott Michael
mcdem102	McDermott Mickey
mcdem101	McDermott Mike
mcder101	McDermott Red
mcdes101	McDermott Sandy
mcdet101	McDermott Terry
mcded101	McDevitt Danny
macdt901	McDiarmed Thomas
mcdia001	McDill Allen
mcdob001	McDonald Ben
mcdod002	McDonald Darnell
mcdod102	McDonald Dave
mcdod001	McDonald Donzell
mcdoe101	McDonald Ed
mcdoh101	McDonald Hank
mcdoj107	McDonald Jack
mcdoj902	McDonald James
mcdoj004	McDonald James
mcdoj002	McDonald Jason
mcdoj105	McDonald Jim
mcdoj104	McDonald Jim
mcdoj102	McDonald Joe
mcdoj103	McDonald John
mcdoj003	McDonald John
mcdok001	McDonald Keith
mcdot101	McDonald Tex
mcdoj101	McDonnell Jim
mcdom801	McDonnell Maje
mcdoe102	McDonough Ed
mcdou101	McDoolan 
mcdod101	McDougal Dewey
mcdos102	McDougal Sandy
mcdog101	McDougald Gil
mcdom001	McDougall Marshall
mcdos901	McDougall Scott
mcdoj001	McDowell Jack
mcdoo001	McDowell Oddibe
mcdor001	McDowell Roger
mcdos101	McDowell Sam
mcelc001	McElroy Chuck
mcelj101	McElroy Jim
mcelp101	McElveen Pryor
mcelh901	McElwee Harvey
mcell101	McElwee Lee
mcelf101	McElyea Frank
mcenw101	McEnaney Will
mcevl101	McEvoy Lou
mcewj001	McEwing Joe
mcfab101	McFadden Barney
mcfag101	McFadden Guy
mcfal101	McFadden Leon
mcfaa101	McFarlan Alex
mcfad101	McFarlan Dan
mcfah901	McFarlan Horace
mcfac102	McFarland Chappie
mcfac101	McFarland Chris
mcfae101	McFarland Ed
mcfah102	McFarland Herm
mcfah101	McFarland Howie
mcfam101	McFarland Monte
mcfat001	McFarland T.J.
mcfao101	McFarlane Orlando
mcfej101	McFetridge Jack
mcgaa001	McGaffigan Andy
mcgap101	McGaffigan Patsy
mcgae101	McGah Eddie
mcgam801	McGaha Mel
mcgaa101	McGann Ambrose
mcgad102	McGann Dan
mcgac101	McGarr Chippy
mcgaj101	McGarr Jim
mcgad101	McGarvey Dan
mcgej101	McGeachey Jack
mcgem101	McGeary Mike
mcgeb101	McGee Bill
mcged102	McGee Dan
mcgef101	McGee Frank
mcgej001	McGee Jake
mcgep102	McGee Pat
mcgew001	McGee Willie
mcgec101	McGeehan Connie
mcged101	McGeehan Dan
mcgec001	McGehee Casey
mcgek001	McGehee Kevin
mcgep101	McGehee Pat
mcghb101	McGhee Bill
mcghe101	McGhee Ed
mcgir101	McGilberry Randy
mcgib102	McGill Bill
mcgiw101	McGill Willie
mcgij104	McGillen John
mcgib101	McGilvray Bill
mcgij103	McGinley Jim
mcgit101	McGinley Tim
mcgid101	McGinn Dan
mcgif101	McGinn Frank
mcgig101	McGinnis Gus
mcgij102	McGinnis Jumbo
mcgir001	McGinnis Russ
mcgij101	McGinnity Joe
mcgiu901	McGinty Tom
mcglk001	McGlinchy Kevin
mcglj102	McGlone John
mcgll101	McGlothen Lynn
mcglp101	McGlothin Pat
mcglj101	McGlothlin Jim
mcgls101	McGlynn Stoney
mcgos001	McGough Scott
mcgoa101	McGovern Art
mcgob101	McGowan Beauty
mcgob901	McGowan Bill
mcgod001	McGowan Dustin
mcgom101	McGowan Mickey
mcgrh101	McGraner Howard
mcgrb101	McGraw Bob
mcgrj101	McGraw John
mcgrj102	McGraw John
mcgrt003	McGraw Tom
mcgrt001	McGraw Tug
mcgre901	McGreevy Eugene
mcgrs001	McGregor Scott
mcgrs101	McGrew Slim
mcgrt901	McGrew Ted
mcgrf001	McGriff Fred
mcgrt002	McGriff Terry
mcgrm101	McGrillis Mark
mcguj103	McGuckin Joe
mcguc001	McGuiness Chris
mcguj102	McGuinness John
mcgub001	McGuire Bill
mcgud101	McGuire Deacon
mcguj101	McGuire Jim
mcgum101	McGuire Mickey
mcgur001	McGuire Ryan
mcgut101	McGuire Tom
mcgub101	McGunnigle Bill
mcgue901	McGunnigle Eddie
mcgwm001	McGwire Mark
mchab101	McHale Bob
mchaj102	McHale Jim
mchaj101	McHale John
mcham101	McHale Marty
mchea101	McHenry Austin
mchev101	McHenry Vance
mchuc001	McHugh Collin
mcilv101	McIlree Vance
mcili101	McIlveen Irish
mcils101	McIlwain Stover
mcins101	McInnis Stuffy
mcinh101	McIntire Harry
mcinj101	McIntosh Joe
mcint001	McIntosh Tim
mcinf101	McIntyre Frank
mcinm101	McIntyre Matty
mcivo101	McIvor Otto
mcjad101	McJames Doc
mckaa101	McKain Archie
mckah101	McKain Hal
mckac001	McKay Cody
mckad101	McKay Dave
mckar101	McKay Reeve
mckee101	McKean Ed
mckej901	McKean Jim
mckeb101	McKechnie Bill
mckef101	McKee Frank
mckej103	McKee Jim
mckej802	McKee Johnny
mcker103	McKee Red
mcker101	McKee Roger
mckew001	McKeel Walt
mckej102	McKeever Jim
mcket101	McKeithan Tim
mckej101	McKelvey John
mcker102	McKelvy Russ
mckee103	McKenna Edward
mckee102	McKenna Frank
mckek101	McKenna Kit
mckep101	McKenna Patrick
mckel102	McKenry Limb
mckem001	McKenry Michael
mckej801	McKeon Jack
mckej001	McKeon Joel
mckel101	McKeon Larry
mcked101	McKeough Dave
mckib901	McKinley Bill
mckib101	McKinney Bob
mckir101	McKinney Rich
mckia101	McKinnon Alex
mckia001	McKirahan Andrew
mcknd801	McKnight Denny
mcknj001	McKnight Jeff
mcknj101	McKnight Jim
mcknt001	McKnight Tony
mclad101	McLain Denny
mclae101	McLane Ed
mclaj801	McLaren John
mclaa101	McLarney Art
mclap101	McLarry Polly
mclab103	McLaughlin Barney
mclab101	McLaughlin Bo
mclab102	McLaughlin Byron
mclae901	McLaughlin Edward
mclaf101	McLaughlin Frank
mclaj103	McLaughlin Jim
mclaj102	McLaughlin Jim
mclaj001	McLaughlin Joey
mclaj101	McLaughlin Jud
mclak101	McLaughlin Kid
mclam901	McLaughlin Mike
mclap102	McLaughlin Pat
mclap901	McLaughlin Peter
mclat901	McLaughlin Thomas
mclat101	McLaughlin Tom
mclaw101	McLaughlin Warren
mclaw901	McLaughlin William
mclaj104	McLaughlin William
mclar101	McLaurin Ralph
mclea101	McLean Al
mcleb901	McLean Billy
mcleh901	McLean Harry
mclel101	McLean Larry
mclem002	McLeary Marty
mclew101	McLeland Wayne
mclem001	McLemore Mark
mclem003	McLemore Mark
mclej101	McLeod Jim
mcler101	McLeod Ralph
mclic101	McLish Cal
mclon001	McLouth Nate
mcmas102	McMackin Sam
mcmaj102	McMahan Jack
mcmaw901	McMahon Billy
mcmad101	McMahon Doc
mcmad102	McMahon Don
mcmaj103	McMahon Jack
mcmas101	McMahon Sadie
mcmaj106	McMakin John
mcmaf101	McManus Frank
mcmag801	McManus George
mcmaj105	McManus Jim
mcmaj104	McManus Joe
mcmam101	McManus Marty
mcmap101	McManus Pat
mcmaj101	McMath Jimmy
mcmig001	McMichael Greg
mcmig101	McMillan George
mcmin101	McMillan Norm
mcmir101	McMillan Roy
mcmit102	McMillan Tom
mcmit101	McMillan Tommy
mcmib001	McMillon Billy
mcmid901	McMinimum Dennis
mcmuh101	McMullen Hugh
mcmug101	McMullen James
mcmuk101	McMullen Ken
mcmuf101	McMullin Fred
mcmuj101	McMullin John
mcmuc001	McMurtry Craig
mcnac101	McNabb Carl
mcnae102	McNabb Edgar
mcnae101	McNair Eric
mcnad102	McNally Dave
mcnaj901	McNally Jim
mcnam101	McNally Mike
mcnab101	McNamara Bob
mcnad101	McNamara Dinny
mcnag101	McNamara George
mcnaj001	McNamara Jim
mcnaj801	McNamara John
mcnat101	McNamara Tim
mcnat102	McNamara Tom
mcnag102	McNaughton Gordon
mcneh101	McNeal Harry
mcner101	McNealy Rusty
mcnee101	McNeely Earl
mcnej001	McNeely Jeff
mcnen101	McNeil Norm
mcnej101	McNertney Jerry
mcnir901	McNichol Bob
mcnib001	McNichol Brian
mcnie101	McNichol Ed
mcnub101	McNulty Bill
mcnup101	McNulty Pat
mcpaf101	McPartlin Frank
mcphb101	McPhee Bid
mcphd001	McPherson Dallas
mcphj101	McPherson John
mcphk001	McPherson Kyle
mcquh102	McQuaid Herb
mcquj902	McQuaid Jack
mcqum102	McQuaid Mart
mcquj101	McQuaig Jerry
mcqum103	McQueen Mike
mcqum101	McQuery Mox
mcqug103	McQuillan George
mcquh101	McQuillan Hugh
mcqug102	McQuillen Glenn
mcqug101	McQuinn George
mcrab001	McRae Brian
mcrah001	McRae Hal
mcran101	McRae Norm
mcreu101	McRemer 
mcrek001	McReynolds Kevin
mcshp101	McShannic Pete
mcshj901	McSherry John
mcsot101	McSorley Trick
mcswp101	McSweeney Paul
mctaj101	McTamany Jim
mctib101	McTigue Bill
mcvec101	McVey Cal
mcveg101	McVey George
mcwed101	McWeeny Doug
mcwib101	McWilliams Bill
mcwil001	McWilliams Larry
meacb001	Meacham Bob
meacu901	Meacham Lewis
meacr001	Meacham Rusty
meadc101	Mead Charlie
meadj101	Meador Johnny
meadb001	Meadows Brian
meadl101	Meadows Lee
meadl001	Meadows Louie
meadr101	Meadows Rufus
meadd001	Meads Dave
meagj901	Meagher James
meakg101	Meakim George
mealj901	Meals Jerry
mearc101	Meara Charlie
mearp001	Meares Pat
mearc901	Mears Charles
mearc001	Mears Chris
mechg001	Meche Gil
mecij001	Mecir Jim
medaw901	Medart William
meddb001	Medders Brandon
meder101	Medeiros Ray
medit001	Medica Tommy
medid101	Medich Doc
medil001	Medina Luis
medir001	Medina Rafael
mediy001	Medina Yoervis
medlk001	Medlen Kris
medli101	Medlinger Irv
medvs001	Medvin Scott
medwj101	Medwick Joe
mee-t101	Mee Tommy
meegp101	Meegan Pete
meehb101	Meehan Bill
meekd101	Meek Dad
meeke001	Meek Evan
meekr101	Meeker Roy
meekj101	Meekin Jouett
meeks101	Meeks Sammy
meelp101	Meeler Phil
meerr101	Meers Russ
megrc901	Megrue Cliff
meied001	Meier Dave
meied101	Meier Dutch
meinh101	Meine Heinie
meinw101	Meinert Walt
meinb101	Meinke Bob
meinf101	Meinke Frank
meisg101	Meister George
meisj101	Meister John
meisk101	Meister Karl
meixm101	Meixell Moxie
mejij001	Mejia Jenrry
mejim001	Mejia Miguel
mejir001	Mejia Roberto
mejir101	Mejias Roman
mejis101	Mejias Sam
melam001	Melancon Mark
meled101	Mele Dutch
meles101	Mele Sam
melef001	Melendez Francisco
melej001	Melendez Jose
melel101	Melendez Luis
melha001	Melhuse Adam
melik001	Melillo Kevin
melis101	Melillo Ski
mellj101	Mellana Joe
mellb101	Mellor Bill
meloj001	Melo Juan
meloj002	Meloan Jon
melop101	Meloan Paul
melts101	Melter Steve
meltb101	Melton Bill
meltc101	Melton Cliff
meltd101	Melton Dave
meltr101	Melton Rube
melum001	Meluskey Mitch
melvb001	Melvin Bob
menck001	Mench Kevin
menda001	Mendez Adalberto
mendc002	Mendez Carlos
mendd001	Mendez Donaldo
mendr002	Mendez Roman
mendc001	Mendoza Carlos
mendl001	Mendoza Luis
mendm101	Mendoza Mario
mendm102	Mendoza Mike
mendm103	Mendoza Minnie
mendr001	Mendoza Ramiro
menef001	Menechino Frank
menej101	Menefee Jock
menet001	Menendez Tony
menhp001	Menhart Paul
menkd101	Menke Denis
menom101	Menosky Mike
mense101	Mensor Ed
menzt101	Menze Ted
meolm101	Meola Mike
meolr101	Meoli Rudy
merch002	Mercado Hector
merco001	Mercado Orlando
merco002	Merced Orlando
merch001	Mercedes Henry
mercj001	Mercedes Jose
mercl001	Mercedes Luis
mercm001	Mercedes Melvin
mercj102	Mercer Jack
mercj101	Mercer John
mercj002	Mercer Jordy
mercm101	Mercer Mark
mercw101	Mercer Win
merca101	Merchant Andy
merck001	Mercker Kent
merec001	Meredith Cla
meres101	Merena Spike
merea101	Merewether Art
merir001	Meridith Ron
meric901	Meriwether Chuck
merkf101	Merkle Fred
merll001	Merloni Lou
merrd901	Merrill Durwood
merre101	Merrill Ed
merrs801	Merrill Stump
merrb001	Merriman Brett
merrl102	Merriman Lloyd
merrb101	Merritt Bill
merrc901	Merritt Clarence
merrg101	Merritt George
merrh101	Merritt Herm
merrj102	Merritt Jim
merrj101	Merritt John
merrl101	Merritt Lloyd
mersj101	Merson Jack
merts101	Mertes Sam
mertj101	Mertz Jim
merul101	Merullo Lennie
merum001	Merullo Matt
mesaj001	Mesa Jose
mesam001	Mesa Melky
mesns101	Mesner Steve
mesod001	Mesoraco Devin
messb101	Messenger Bobby
messb102	Messenger Bud
messr001	Messenger Randy
messa101	Messersmith Andy
messt101	Messitt Tom
metct101	Metcalf Tom
metct001	Metcalf Travis
metca101	Metcalfe Alfred
metcm001	Metcalfe Mike
meths101	Metha Scat
methb101	Metheny Bud
metid101	Metivier Dewey
metkg101	Metkovich George
metrc101	Metro Charlie
metzl101	Metz Lenny
metzb101	Metzger Butch
metzr101	Metzger Roger
metzw101	Metzig William
metza101	Metzler Alex
meulh001	Meulens Hensley
meusb101	Meusel Bob
meusi101	Meusel Irish
meyea001	Meyer Alex
meyeb103	Meyer Benny
meyeb101	Meyer Billy
meyeb102	Meyer Bob
meyeb001	Meyer Brian
meyed001	Meyer Dan
meyed002	Meyer Dan
meyed003	Meyer Drew
meyed101	Meyer Dutch
meyeg101	Meyer George
meyej101	Meyer Jack
meyej001	Meyer Joey
meyel103	Meyer Lee
meyer101	Meyer Russ
meyes101	Meyer Scott
meyel102	Meyerle Levi
meyec001	Meyers Chad
meyec101	Meyers Chief
meyeh101	Meyers Henry
meyel101	Meyers Lou
miadb001	Miadich Bart
miced001	Miceli Dan
micem101	Micelotta Mickey
michg101	Michael Gene
michc101	Michaels Cass
michj001	Michaels Jason
michj102	Michaels John
michr101	Michaels Ralph
michj101	Michaelson John
michc001	Michalak Chris
micku901	Mickel Joseph
micke101	Mickelson Ed
mickg101	Mickens Glenn
mickk001	Mickolio Kameron
middj001	Middlebrook Jason
middw001	Middlebrooks Will
middj102	Middleton Jim
middj101	Middleton John
midkd101	Midkiff Dick
midke101	Midkiff Ezra
mielg001	Mielke Gary
miend001	Mientkiewicz Doug
miere101	Mierkowicz Ed
miesm001	Mieske Matt
miggl101	Miggins Larry
mihaj101	Mihalic John
mijaj001	Mijares Jose
mikkp101	Mikkelsen Pete
miklh101	Miklos Hank
mikom001	Mikolas Miles
mikse101	Miksis Eddie
milab001	Milacki Bob
milac101	Milan Clyde
milah101	Milan Horace
milbl001	Milbourne Larry
milcm001	Milchin Mike
milea001	Miles Aaron
milec101	Miles Carl
miled101	Miles Dee
miled102	Miles Don
milej101	Miles Jim
miled801	Miley Dave
milem101	Miley Mike
milew001	Miley Wade
milis001	Militello Sam
miljj101	Miljus Johnny
millf105	Millan Felix
millk005	Millar Kevin
millf104	Millard Frank
milll002	Milledge Lastings
milla002	Miller Andrew
millb109	Miller Bert
millb105	Miller Bill
millb112	Miller Bill
millb104	Miller Bill
millb901	Miller Bill
millb110	Miller Bing
millb111	Miller Bob
millb103	Miller Bob
millb102	Miller Bob
millb106	Miller Bob
millb002	Miller Brad
millb107	Miller Bruce
millb902	Miller Bud
millc901	Miller Charles
millc103	Miller Charlie
millc102	Miller Charlie
millc101	Miller Chuck
millc001	Miller Corky
millc105	Miller Cyclone
milld002	Miller Damian
milld001	Miller Darrell
milld801	Miller Dave
milld106	Miller Doc
milld103	Miller Doggie
milld102	Miller Dots
milld105	Miller Dusty
milld104	Miller Dusty
milld101	Miller Dyar
mille106	Miller Ed
mille103	Miller Ed
mille104	Miller Eddie
mille001	Miller Eddie
mille102	Miller Elmer
mille101	Miller Elmer
millf102	Miller Frank
millf101	Miller Fred
millg901	Miller Gale
millg101	Miller George
millh103	Miller Hack
millh101	Miller Hack
millh102	Miller Hughie
millj004	Miller Jai
millj106	Miller Jake
millj109	Miller Jake
millj003	Miller Jason
millj105	Miller Jim
millj005	Miller Jim
millj101	Miller Joe
millj102	Miller Joe
millj103	Miller John
millj104	Miller John
millj002	Miller Justin
millj006	Miller Justin
millk001	Miller Keith
millk002	Miller Keith
millk101	Miller Kohly
millk003	Miller Kurt
milll101	Miller Larry
milll001	Miller Lemmie
millm001	Miller Matt
millm002	Miller Matt
milln101	Miller Norm
millo001	Miller Orlando
millo102	Miller Otis
millo103	Miller Otto
millo101	Miller Ox
millp001	Miller Paul
millr103	Miller Ralph
millr101	Miller Ralph
millr102	Miller Ralph
millr109	Miller Randy
millr107	Miller Ray
millr801	Miller Ray
millr104	Miller Red
millr001	Miller Rick
millr106	Miller Rod
millr105	Miller Roger
millr111	Miller Ronny
millr112	Miller Roscoe
millr108	Miller Rudy
millr113	Miller Russ
mills001	Miller Shelby
mills101	Miller Stu
millt102	Miller Tom
millt101	Miller Tom
millt001	Miller Travis
millt002	Miller Trever
millw001	Miller Wade
millw105	Miller Walt
millw104	Miller Ward
millw103	Miller Warren
millw106	Miller Whitey
millj001	Millette Joe
millr003	Milliard Ralph
millw102	Millies Wally
millb113	Milligan Billy
millj108	Milligan Jocko
millj110	Milligan John
millr002	Milligan Randy
millb114	Milliken Bob
milla901	Mills A.G.
milla001	Mills Alan
milla101	Mills Art
millb115	Mills Bill
millb101	Mills Brad
millb001	Mills Brad
millb108	Mills Buster
millc104	Mills Charlie
milld107	Mills Dick
mille105	Mills Everett
millf103	Mills Frank
millg903	Mills Greg
millj107	Mills Jack
milll102	Mills Lefty
millr114	Mills Rupert
millw101	Mills Willie
millk004	Millwood Kevin
milna101	Milnar Al
milnp101	Milne Pete
milnb101	Milner Brian
milne001	Milner Eddie
milnj101	Milner John
milot001	Milone Tom
milom101	Milosevich Mike
milsg101	Milstead George
milte001	Milton Eric
miltl101	Milton Larry
mimbm001	Mimbs Mike
minac101	Minahan Cotton
minar101	Minarcin Rudy
mincd101	Mincher Don
mince101	Mincher Ed
mincw901	Mincher William
mincn001	Minchey Nate
miner101	Miner Ray
minez001	Miner Zach
minec101	Minetto Craig
mings101	Mingori Steve
minnd102	Minnehan Dan
minnp101	Minner Paul
minnd101	Minnick Don
minob001	Minor Blas
minod001	Minor Damon
minom001	Minor Mike
minor001	Minor Ryan
minom101	Minoso Minnie
minsj101	Minshall Jim
mintg001	Minton Greg
mints001	Mintz Steve
minug001	Minutelli Gino
mirap001	Mirabella Paul
mirad001	Mirabelli Doug
miraa001	Miranda Angel
miraj001	Miranda Juan
miraw101	Miranda Willie
miscp001	Misch Pat
missj101	Misse John
misum001	Misuraca Mike
mitcu901	Mitchell 
mitcr102	Mitchell Bobby
mitcb102	Mitchell Bobby
mitcb101	Mitchell Bobby
mitcb001	Mitchell Bryan
mitcc901	Mitchell Charlie
mitcc001	Mitchell Charlie
mitcc102	Mitchell Clarence
mitcc101	Mitchell Craig
mitcd001	Mitchell D.J.
mitcd101	Mitchell Dale
mitcf901	Mitchell Franklin
mitcf101	Mitchell Fred
mitcj001	Mitchell John
mitcj101	Mitchell Johnny
mitck002	Mitchell Keith
mitck001	Mitchell Kevin
mitcl001	Mitchell Larry
mitcm102	Mitchell Mike
mitcm101	Mitchell Monroe
mitcp101	Mitchell Paul
mitcr101	Mitchell Roy
mitcr001	Mitchell Russ
mitcw101	Mitchell Willie
mitrs001	Mitre Sergio
mittr101	Mitterling Ralph
mittg101	Mitterwald George
mizej101	Mize Johnny
mizew101	Mizell Vinegar Bend
mizej001	Mizerock John
mizeb101	Mizeur Bill
mlicd001	Mlicki Dave
mmahk001	Mmahat Kevin
moatd101	Moates Dave
mockg001	Mock Garrett
modam101	Modak Mike
moehb001	Moehler Brian
moelc001	Moeller Chad
moeld101	Moeller Danny
moeld001	Moeller Dennis
moelj101	Moeller Joe
moelr101	Moeller Ron
moffj101	Moffet Joe
moffs101	Moffet Sam
moffr101	Moffitt Randy
mofoh101	Moford Herb
mogrg101	Mogridge George
mohaj101	Mohardt John
mohag101	Mohart George
mohlk101	Mohler Kid
mohlm001	Mohler Mike
mohod001	Mohorcic Dale
mohrd001	Mohr Dustan
moisb101	Moisan Bill
mokaj101	Mokan Johnny
molef101	Mole Fenton
molec101	Molesworth Carlton
molib001	Molina Bengie
molig001	Molina Gabe
molig002	Molina Gustavo
molii001	Molina Izzy
molij001	Molina Jose
moliy001	Molina Yadier
molib101	Molinaro Bob
molip001	Molitor Paul
mollf102	Mollenkamp Fred
mollf101	Mollwitz Fritz
molor101	Moloney Richie
molyv101	Molyneaux Vince
monab101	Monaco Blas
monap901	Monahan Pat
monar101	Monahan Rinty
monas001	Monahan Shane
monac001	Monasterios Carlos
monbb101	Monbouquette Bill
moncf101	Moncewicz Freddie
monca101	Monchak Alex
mondr001	Monday Rick
mondr002	Mondesi Raul
mondr003	Mondesi Raul
monej001	Monell Johnny
moned101	Money Don
mongs001	Monge Sid
monrc001	Monroe Craig
monre101	Monroe Ed
monrf101	Monroe Frank
monrj101	Monroe John
monrl101	Monroe Larry
monrz101	Monroe Zach
monte101	Montague Ed
monte901	Montague Ed
montj101	Montague John
montr001	Montalvo Rafael
montl001	Montanez Luis
montw101	Montanez Willie
montf001	Montas Frankie
monta103	Monteagudo Aurelio
montr101	Monteagudo Rene
montj001	Montefusco John
montm101	Montejo Manny
montr002	Monteleone Rich
montf101	Montemayor Felipe
monta001	Montero Agustin
montj003	Montero Jesus
montm001	Montero Miguel
montr004	Montero Rafael
montu902	Montgomery 
monta102	Montgomery Al
montb101	Montgomery Bob
montj002	Montgomery Jeff
montm002	Montgomery Mike
montm102	Montgomery Monty
montr003	Montgomery Ray
monts001	Montgomery Steve
montc001	Montoyo Charlie
monta101	Montreuil Al
montl002	Montz Luke
monzr101	Monzant Ramon
monzd101	Monzon Dan
moocj101	Moock Joe
moode001	Moody Eric
moolg101	Moolic George
moonl101	Moon Leo
moonw101	Moon Wally
moonj101	Mooney Jim
moonb001	Mooneyham Bill
moora001	Moore Adam
moora103	Moore Al
moora102	Moore Anse
moora101	Moore Archie
moorb101	Moore Balor
moorb105	Moore Barry
moorb104	Moore Bill
moorb103	Moore Bill
moorb002	Moore Bill
moorb001	Moore Bobby
moorb004	Moore Bobby
moorb003	Moore Brad
moorc103	Moore Carlos
moorc102	Moore Charley
moorc001	Moore Charlie
moorc101	Moore Cy
moord101	Moore Dee
moord001	Moore Donnie
moore103	Moore Earl
moore102	Moore Eddie
moore101	Moore Euel
moorf101	Moore Ferdie
moorg101	Moore Frank
moorg102	Moore Gary
moorg103	Moore Gene
moorg104	Moore Gene
moorh101	Moore Henry
moorj102	Moore Jackie
moorj001	Moore Jeremy
moorj105	Moore Jerry
moorj107	Moore Jim
moorj106	Moore Jimmy
moorj103	Moore Jo-Jo
moorj104	Moore Johnny
moorj101	Moore Junior
moork101	Moore Kelvin
moork001	Moore Kerwin
moorm002	Moore Marcus
moorm003	Moore Matt
moorm001	Moore Mike
moorm101	Moore Molly
moorr103	Moore Randy
moorr101	Moore Ray
moorr102	Moore Roy
moors001	Moore Scott
moors101	Moore Scrappy
moort102	Moore Terry
moort101	Moore Tommy
moort001	Moore Trey
moort002	Moore Tyler
moorw102	Moore Whitey
moorw101	Moore Wilcy
moorb102	Moorhead Bob
moosb101	Moose Bob
mootj101	Mooty Jake
moraa101	Mora Andres
moram002	Mora Melvin
morad001	Moraga David
moraf001	Morales Franklin
morag901	Morales Gabe
moraj101	Morales Jerry
moraj001	Morales Jose
moraj002	Morales Jose
morak001	Morales Kendrys
morar102	Morales Rich
moraw001	Morales Willie
moraa102	Moran Al
moraa901	Moran Augie
morab102	Moran Bill
morab103	Moran Bill
morab101	Moran Billy
morac101	Moran Charles
morac102	Moran Charlie
morah102	Moran Harry
morah101	Moran Herbie
morah103	Moran Hiker
morap101	Moran Pat
morar101	Moran Roy
moras101	Moran Sam
moram001	Morandini Mickey
morbj001	Morban Jose
mordm001	Mordecai Mike
moref101	More Forrest
morer102	Morehart Ray
mored103	Morehead Dave
mores101	Morehead Seth
mored102	Morejon Danny
moreb001	Morel Brent
morer001	Morel Ramon
morek001	Moreland Keith
morem001	Moreland Mitch
moreh101	Morelock Harry
morel101	Moren Lew
morea101	Moreno Angel
mored001	Moreno Diego
moree001	Moreno Edwin
morej101	Moreno Jose
morej001	Moreno Juan
morej102	Moreno Julio
moreo001	Moreno Omar
moreo002	Moreno Orber
morer101	Moret Roger
mored101	Morey Dave
morga001	Morgan Adam
morgb101	Morgan Bill
morgb103	Morgan Bill
morgb102	Morgan Bobby
morgc103	Morgan Chet
morgc102	Morgan Cy
morgc101	Morgan Cy
morge102	Morgan Ed
morge101	Morgan Eddie
morgj101	Morgan Joe
morgj001	Morgan Joe
morgk001	Morgan Kevin
morgm001	Morgan Mike
morgn001	Morgan Nyjer
morgp101	Morgan Pidgey
morgr101	Morgan Ray
morgr102	Morgan Red
morgt101	Morgan Tom
morgv101	Morgan Vern
morgh901	Morgenweck Hank
morhm101	Morhardt Moe
morib101	Moriarty Bill
morie101	Moriarty Ed
morig102	Moriarty Gene
morig101	Moriarty George
morim001	Moriarty Mike
morij001	Morillo Juan
morim002	Morin Mike
morlj101	Morlan John
morlb101	Morley Bill
morma001	Morman Alvin
mormr001	Morman Russ
mornj001	Morneau Justin
morod101	Morogiello Dan
moroj101	Moroney Jim
moroj001	Moronko Jeff
morrb101	Morrell Bill
morrj107	Morrill John
morra001	Morris Akeel
morrb002	Morris Bryan
morrd102	Morris Danny
morrd101	Morris Doyt
morre101	Morris Ed
morre102	Morris Ed
morrh001	Morris Hal
morrj001	Morris Jack
morre103	Morris James
morrj004	Morris Jim
morrj902	Morris John
morrj106	Morris John
morrj003	Morris John
morrm001	Morris Matt
morrp102	Morris Pete
morrw101	Morris Walter
morrw001	Morris Warren
morrb102	Morrisette Bill
morrd901	Morrison Dan
morrg101	Morrison Guy
morrh101	Morrison Hank
morrj002	Morrison Jim
morrj105	Morrison Johnny
morrj101	Morrison Jon
morrl001	Morrison Logan
morrm101	Morrison Mike
morrp101	Morrison Phil
morrt102	Morrison Tom
morrf101	Morrissey Frank
morrj104	Morrissey Jack
morrj102	Morrissey Jo-Jo
morrj103	Morrissey John
morrt101	Morrissey Tom
morrb001	Morrow Brandon
morsb101	Morse Bud
morsh101	Morse Hap
morsm001	Morse Michael
mortc003	Mortensen Clayton
mortb101	Morton Bubba
mortc102	Morton Carl
mortc101	Morton Charlie
mortc002	Morton Charlie
mortc001	Morton Colt
mortg101	Morton Guy
mortk001	Morton Kevin
mortm101	Morton Moose
morts101	Morton Sparrow
moryw101	Moryn Walt
moscr101	Moschitto Ross
moscg001	Moscoso Guillermo
moscj001	Moscot Jon
moser001	Mosebach Robert
mosel001	Moseby Lloyd
mosed001	Moseley Dustin
mosee101	Moseley Earl
moseu901	Mosely T.E.
mosea101	Moser Arnie
mosec901	Moser Casey
mosew102	Moser Walter
mosef801	Moses Felix
mosej101	Moses Jerry
mosej001	Moses John
mosew101	Moses Wally
moskp101	Moskau Paul
moskd101	Moskiman Doc
moskd001	Moskos Daniel
mosoj101	Mosolf Jim
mosqj001	Mosquera Julio
mossb001	Moss Brandon
mossc101	Moss Charlie
mossd001	Moss Damian
mossh101	Moss Howie
mossl101	Moss Les
mossm101	Moss Mal
mossr101	Moss Ray
mossd101	Mossi Don
mosse101	Mossor Earl
mostj101	Mostil Johnny
motaa001	Mota Andy
motad001	Mota Danny
motag001	Mota Guillermo
motaj001	Mota Jose
motam101	Mota Manny
motld001	Motley Darryl
mottb101	Mott Bitsy
mottj001	Motte Jason
mottc001	Mottola Chad
mottc101	Motton Curt
motzf101	Motz Frank
moulg101	Moulder Glen
moula101	Moulton Allie
mount001	Mounce Tony
mounf101	Mountain Frank
mounb101	Mountjoy Bill
mousm001	Moustakas Mike
moutj001	Mouton James
moutl001	Mouton Lyle
mower101	Mowe Ray
mowrm101	Mowrey Mike
mowrj101	Mowry Joe
moyas001	Moya Steven
moyeb901	Moyer Bob
moyee101	Moyer Ed
moyej001	Moyer Jamie
moylp001	Moylan Peter
moynm101	Moynahan Mike
mozzm801	Mozzali Mo
mrozr101	Mrozinski Ron
mrvoj901	Mrvos Joe
muchm901	Muchlinski Mike
mudrp101	Mudrock Phil
muelb101	Mueller Bill
muelb001	Mueller Bill
mueld101	Mueller Don
muelg101	Mueller Gordie
muelh102	Mueller Heinie
muelh101	Mueller Heinie
muell101	Mueller Les
muelr101	Mueller Ray
muelw102	Mueller Walter
muelw101	Mueller Willie
muffb101	Muffett Billy
muicj101	Muich Joe
muirj101	Muir Joe
muirt901	Muir Thomas
mujie001	Mujica Edward
mulch101	Mulcahy Hugh
mulcj901	Mulcahy Jim
muldm001	Mulder Mark
muldm101	Muldoon Mike
mulht001	Mulholland Terry
mullj801	Mull Jack
mullt101	Mullane Tony
mulld901	Mullaney Dominic
mullu801	Mullaney Eddie
mullg101	Mulleavy Greg
mullb101	Mullen Billy
mullc101	Mullen Charlie
mullj102	Mullen Jim
mullj104	Mullen John
mullu101	Mullen Martin
mullm101	Mullen Moon
mullp901	Mullen Peter
mulls002	Mullen Scott
mullf101	Muller Freddie
mulld101	Mulligan Dick
mullj103	Mulligan Eddie
mullj101	Mulligan Joe
mullj105	Mulligan John
mulls001	Mulligan Sean
mullg102	Mullin George
mullh101	Mullin Henry
mullj901	Mullin John
mullp101	Mullin Pat
mullr001	Mulliniks Rance
mullf001	Mullins Fran
mullg001	Mullins Greg
mulrd101	Mulrenan Dominic
mulrf101	Mulroney Frank
mulvj101	Mulvey Joe
mulvk001	Mulvey Kevin
mumpj001	Mumphrey Jerry
muncj102	Munce John
muncj101	Munch Jake
muncb101	Muncrief Bob
muncm001	Muncy Max
mundg101	Mundinger George
mundb101	Mundy Bill
mungr101	Munger Red
mungv101	Mungo Van
munic001	Muniz Carlos
munim101	Muniz Manny
munnh101	Munn Horatio
munns101	Munninghoff Scott
munnl101	Munns Les
munod001	Muno Danny
munoa001	Munoz Arnie
munob001	Munoz Bobby
munoj001	Munoz Jose
munom001	Munoz Mike
munon001	Munoz Noe
munoo001	Munoz Oscar
munop001	Munoz Pedro
munrp001	Munro Peter
munse001	Munson Eric
munsj101	Munson Joe
munsr101	Munson Red
munst101	Munson Thurman
munts001	Munter Scott
munyj101	Munyan John
muras001	Mura Steve
muram101	Murakami Masanori
murat001	Murata Toru
murcb101	Murcer Bobby
murcs101	Murch Simmy
murct101	Murchison Tim
murdw101	Murdoch Wilbur
murfr101	Murff Red
murnt101	Murnane Tim
murpu102	Murphy 
murpb001	Murphy Bill
murpb101	Murphy Billy
murpb103	Murphy Bob
murpb102	Murphy Buzz
murpc103	Murphy Clarence
murpc102	Murphy Con
murpc101	Murphy Connie
murpd001	Murphy Dale
murpd003	Murphy Dan
murpd006	Murphy Daniel
murpd104	Murphy Danny
murpd106	Murphy Danny
murpd105	Murphy Danny
murpd103	Murphy Dave
murpd005	Murphy David
murpd102	Murphy Dick
murpd004	Murphy Donnie
murpd101	Murphy Dummy
murpd002	Murphy Dwayne
murpe103	Murphy Ed
murpe101	Murphy Ed
murpe102	Murphy Eddie
murpf101	Murphy Frank
murph901	Murphy Henry
murph101	Murphy Howard
murpj901	Murphy J.A.
murpj101	Murphy Joe
murpj104	Murphy John
murpj102	Murphy John
murpj001	Murphy John Ryan
murpj103	Murphy Johnny
murpl102	Murphy Larry
murpl101	Murphy Leo
murpm102	Murphy Mike
murpm101	Murphy Morgan
murpp101	Murphy Pat
murpp801	Murphy Pat
murpr001	Murphy Rob
murpt101	Murphy Tom
murpt002	Murphy Tom
murpt001	Murphy Tommy
murpt102	Murphy Tony
murpw102	Murphy Walter
murpw101	Murphy Willie
murpy101	Murphy Yale
murra001	Murray A.J.
murra101	Murray Amby
murrb102	Murray Bill
murrb801	Murray Billy
murrb101	Murray Bobby
murrc001	Murray Calvin
murrc002	Murray Colton
murrd001	Murray Dale
murrd002	Murray Dan
murre101	Murray Ed
murre901	Murray Ed
murre001	Murray Eddie
murrg101	Murray George
murrg001	Murray Glenn
murrh001	Murray Heath
murrj101	Murray Jim
murrj103	Murray Jim
murrj102	Murray Joe
murrl101	Murray Larry
murrm001	Murray Matt
murrm101	Murray Miah
murrp101	Murray Pat
murrr102	Murray Ray
murrr103	Murray Red
murrr101	Murray Rich
murrt102	Murray Tom
murrt101	Murray Tony
murri101	Murrell Ivan
murtd101	Murtaugh Danny
murtm001	Murton Matt
muset101	Muser Tony
musgd101	Musgraves Dennis
musis101	Musial Stan
mussj001	Musselman Jeff
mussr001	Musselman Ron
mussd101	Musser Danny
mussn001	Musser Neal
mussp101	Musser Paul
mussb101	Mussill Barney
mussm001	Mussina Mike
musta101	Mustaikis Alex
mutij001	Mutis Jeff
mutrj801	Mutrie Jim
myatg102	Myatt George
myatg101	Myatt Glenn
myerb103	Myer Buddy
myera101	Myers Al
myerb102	Myers Bert
myerb101	Myers Billy
myerb001	Myers Brett
myerd801	Myers Dave
myere101	Myers Elmer
myerg101	Myers George
myerg001	Myers Greg
myerh101	Myers Hap
myerh103	Myers Henry
myerh102	Myers Hi
myerj001	Myers Jimmy
myerj901	Myers Joe
myerj101	Myers Joseph
myerl101	Myers Lynn
myerm001	Myers Mike
myerr001	Myers Randy
myerr101	Myers Richie
myerr003	Myers Rod
myerr002	Myers Rodney
myerw001	Myers Wil
myeta001	Myette Aaron
myrib101	Myrick Bob
myrob001	Myrow Brian
nabhc001	Nabholz Chris
naboj101	Nabors Jack
naceh901	Nace Henry
nadyx001	Nady Xavier
naeht001	Naehring Tim
nageb101	Nagel Bill
nagel101	Nagelsen Lou
nager101	Nagelson Russ
nagec001	Nageotte Clint
naglj101	Nagle Judge
naglt101	Nagle Tom
nagyc001	Nagy Charles
nagym101	Nagy Mike
nagys101	Nagy Steve
nahes101	Nahem Sam
nahob001	Nahorodny Bill
nakam001	Nakamura Micheal
nakan001	Nakamura Norihiro
naktp101	Naktenis Pete
nalef101	Naleway Frank
nalld901	Nallin Dick
nancd101	Nance Kid
nancs001	Nance Shane
napib101	Napier Buddy
napla101	Naples Al
napod101	Napoleon Danny
napoe801	Napoleon Ed
napom001	Napoli Mike
nappl901	Napp Larry
narah101	Naragon Hal
narag101	Naranjo Cholly
narlb101	Narleski Bill
narlr101	Narleski Ray
narrj001	Narron Jerry
narrj801	Narron Johnny
narrs101	Narron Sam
narrs001	Narron Sam
narub101	Narum Buster
narvc001	Narveson Chris
nashb101	Nash Billy
nashc101	Nash Cotton
nashj101	Nash Jim
nashk101	Nash Ken
nastp101	Nastu Phil
natab001	Natal Rob
natel801	Natera Luis
nathj001	Nathan Joe
natij001	Nation Joey
natop101	Naton Pete
nauep901	Nauert Paul
nauld001	Naulty Dan
navad002	Nava Daniel
navas101	Nava Sandy
navad001	Navarro Dioner
navae001	Navarro Efren
navaj001	Navarro Jaime
navaj101	Navarro Julio
navao001	Navarro Oswaldo
navar001	Navarro Rey
navat001	Navarro Tito
navay001	Navarro Yamaico
nayle101	Naylor Earl
naylr101	Naylor Rollie
naymm101	Naymick Mike
neagd001	Neagle Denny
neagj101	Neagle Jack
nealb001	Neal Blaine
nealc101	Neal Charlie
nealo101	Neal Offa
nealt001	Neal Thomas
nealg101	Neale Greasy
nealj102	Neale Joe
nealj101	Nealon Joe
neccr101	Necciai Ron
needt101	Needham Tom
neelt001	Neel Troy
neemc101	Neeman Cal
neffd101	Neff Doug
negrr101	Negray Ron
negrp901	Negri Pete
negrk001	Negron Kristopher
nehej101	Neher Jim
nehfa101	Nehf Art
neibg101	Neibauer Gary
neidj001	Neidlinger Jim
neiga101	Neiger Al
neigb101	Neighbors Bob
neigc101	Neighbors Cy
neilm001	Neill Mike
neilt101	Neill Tommy
neisb101	Neis Bernie
neite101	Neitzke Ernie
nekob101	Nekola Bots
nelsa101	Nelson Andy
nelsb101	Nelson Bill
nelsb901	Nelson Bob
nelsb002	Nelson Brad
nelsb001	Nelson Bry
nelsc101	Nelson Candy
nelsc001	Nelson Chris
nelsd101	Nelson Dave
nelsd901	Nelson Dick
nelse101	Nelson Emmett
nelsg001	Nelson Gene
nelsj101	Nelson Jamie
nelsj001	Nelson Jeff
nelsj901	Nelson Jeff
nelsj102	Nelson Jim
nelsj004	Nelson Jimmy
nelsj002	Nelson Joe
nelsj003	Nelson John
nelsl102	Nelson Luke
nelsl101	Nelson Lynn
nelsm101	Nelson Mel
nelsr102	Nelson Ray
nelsr104	Nelson Red
nelsr001	Nelson Ricky
nelsr002	Nelson Rob
nelsr103	Nelson Rocky
nelsr101	Nelson Roger
nelss901	Nelson Scott
nelst102	Nelson Tex
nelst101	Nelson Tommy
nen-d101	Nen Dick
nen-r001	Nen Robb
nerih001	Neris Hector
nesba001	Nesbitt Angel
neshp001	Neshek Pat
nessj101	Ness Jack
nettg001	Nettles Graig
nettj101	Nettles Jim
nettm101	Nettles Morris
netzm101	Netzel Milo
neu-m001	Neu Michael
neu-o101	Neu Otto
neubh101	Neubauer Hal
neudj901	Neudecker Jerry
neuet101	Neuer Tacks
neugn001	Neugebauer Nick
neumd101	Neumeier Dan
neunj101	Neun Johnny
nevee102	Nevel Ernie
nevee101	Nevers Ernie
nevia101	Nevin Al
nevip001	Nevin Phil
newcd101	Newcombe Don
newet101	Newell George
newej101	Newell John
newet001	Newell Tom
newfm001	Newfield Marc
newhd001	Newhan David
newhd101	Newhauser Don
newhh101	Newhouser Hal
newkf101	Newkirk Floyd
newkj101	Newkirk Joel
newlm101	Newlin Maury
newma001	Newman Al
newma002	Newman Alan
newmc101	Newman Charlie
newmf101	Newman Fred
newmj001	Newman Jeff
newmj002	Newman Josh
newmr101	Newman Ray
newnp101	Newnam Pat
newsb101	Newsom Bobo
newsd101	Newsome Dick
newss101	Newsome Skeeter
newsw001	Newson Warren
newtd101	Newton Doc
ni--f001	Ni Fu-Te
niarg101	Niarhos Gus
nicaj001	Nicasio Juan
nichd103	Nicholas Don
nichs102	Nicholl Sam
nichs101	Nicholls Simon
nicha901	Nichols A.N.
nicha102	Nichols Al
nicha101	Nichols Art
nichc001	Nichols Carl
nichc101	Nichols Chet
nichc102	Nichols Chet
nichd102	Nichols Dolan
nichk101	Nichols Kid
nichr001	Nichols Reid
nichr002	Nichols Rod
nichr101	Nichols Roy
nicht101	Nichols Tricky
nichb101	Nicholson Bill
nichd101	Nicholson Dave
nichf102	Nicholson Frank
nichf101	Nicholson Fred
nichk001	Nicholson Kevin
nicho101	Nicholson Ovid
nichp101	Nicholson Parson
nichc002	Nichting Chris
nickm001	Nickeas Mike
nickd001	Nickle Doug
nicog101	Nicol George
nicoh101	Nicol Hugh
nicoj001	Nicolino Justin
nicos001	Nicosia Steve
niebc101	Niebergall Charlie
niebr801	Niebla Ruben
niedd001	Nied David
niedt001	Niedenfuer Tom
nieha101	Niehaus Al
niehd101	Niehaus Dick
niehb101	Niehoff Bert
niekj001	Niekro Joe
niekl001	Niekro Lance
niekp001	Niekro Phil
nielj001	Nielsen Jerry
nielm101	Nielsen Milt
niels001	Nielsen Scott
niemb101	Nieman Bob
niemb102	Nieman Butch
niemj001	Niemann Jeff
niemr001	Niemann Randy
niemj101	Niemes Jack
niema101	Niemiec Al
niesj001	Niese Jon
niesc101	Nieson Chuck
nieta001	Nieto Adrian
niett001	Nieto Tom
nieuk001	Nieuwenhuis Kirk
nievf001	Nieve Fernando
nievj002	Nieves Jose
nievj001	Nieves Juan
nievm001	Nieves Melvin
nievw001	Nieves Wil
niggj101	Niggeling Johnny
nilat101	Niland Tom
nileb101	Niles Bill
nileh101	Niles Harry
nillr101	Nill Rabbit
nilsd001	Nilsson Dave
nippa001	Nipper Al
nippd001	Nippert Dustin
nippm101	Nippert Merlin
niscr101	Nischwitz Ron
nisht001	Nishioka Tsuyoshi
nitco101	Nitcholas Otho
nitkc001	Nitkowski C.J.
nivar001	Nivar Ramon
nix-j001	Nix Jayson
nix-l001	Nix Laynce
nixoa101	Nixon Al
nixod001	Nixon Donell
nixoo001	Nixon Otis
nixor101	Nixon Russ
nixot001	Nixon Trot
nixow101	Nixon Willard
noblr101	Noble Ray
noboj001	Noboa Junior
nocep001	Noce Paul
noelr001	Noel Rico
noesh001	Noesi Hector
noftg101	Noftsker George
nokem001	Nokes Matt
nolaa001	Nola Aaron
nolag101	Nolan Gary
nolaj001	Nolan Joe
nolae101	Nolan The Only
nolar001	Nolasco Ricky
noldd101	Nold Dick
noled001	Noles Dickie
nolis001	Nolin Sean
nolte001	Nolte Eric
nomoh001	Nomo Hideo
nomut001	Nomura Takahito
nonnr101	Nonnenkamp Red
noonn001	Noonan Nick
noonp101	Noonan Pete
nopsj101	Nops Jerry
norbj001	Norberto Jordan
nordt101	Nordbrook Tim
nordw101	Nordhagen Wayne
nordl101	Nordyke Lou
norei101	Noren Irv
norij101	Noriega John
normb101	Norman Bill
normd101	Norman Dan
normf101	Norman Fred
norml001	Norman Les
normn001	Norman Nelson
norrb001	Norris Bud
norrd002	Norris Daniel
norrd001	Norris Derek
norre901	Norris Ed
norrj101	Norris Jim
norrl101	Norris Leo
norrm101	Norris Mike
nortb101	North Bill
nortl101	North Lou
north101	Northen Hub
nortr101	Northey Ron
norts101	Northey Scott
nortj102	Northrop Jake
nortj101	Northrup Jim
norte101	Norton Effie
nortf101	Norton Frank
nortg001	Norton Greg
nortl901	Norton Lee
nortp001	Norton Phil
nortt101	Norton Tom
norww101	Norwood Willie
noser001	Nosek Randy
nossj101	Nossek Joe
nothc901	Nothnagel Carl
nottd101	Nottebart Don
notte801	Nottle Ed
nourc101	Nourse Chet
novai001	Nova Ivan
noval901	Novack Les
novil101	Novikoff Lou
novor001	Novoa Rafael
novor002	Novoa Roberto
novor101	Novotney Rube
noxoh901	Noxon Harrison
noyew101	Noyes Win
nunal101	Nunamaker Les
nunea001	Nunez Abraham
nunea002	Nunez Abraham
nunee001	Nunez Ed
nunee002	Nunez Eduardo
nunef001	Nunez Franklin
nunej003	Nunez Jhonny
nunej001	Nunez Jose
nunej002	Nunez Jose
nunel001	Nunez Leo
nunev001	Nunez Vladimir
nunnh101	Nunn Howie
nunnj001	Nunnally Jon
nunnt001	Nunnari Talmadge
nunov001	Nuno Vidal
nusze101	Nusz William
nuttd101	Nutter Dizzy
nuxhj101	Nuxhall Joe
nycec101	Nyce Charlie
nye-r101	Nye Rich
nye-r001	Nye Ryan
nymac101	Nyman Chris
nymaj101	Nyman Jerry
nyman101	Nyman Nyls
oberm001	O'Berry Mike
obrib102	O'Brien Billy
obrib103	O'Brien Bob
obrib101	O'Brien Buck
obric001	O'Brien Charlie
obrid101	O'Brien Cinders
obrid102	O'Brien Dan
obrid103	O'Brien Darby
obrim101	O'Brien Dink
obrie101	O'Brien Eddie
obrif901	O'Brien Frank
obrig101	O'Brien George
obrij105	O'Brien Jack
obrij103	O'Brien Jack
obrij901	O'Brien Jim
obrij902	O'Brien Joe
obrij106	O'Brien John
obrij104	O'Brien John
obrij101	O'Brien Johnny
obrip901	O'Brien Pete
obrip101	O'Brien Pete
obrip102	O'Brien Pete
obrip001	O'Brien Pete
obrip002	O'Brien Peter
obrir101	O'Brien Ray
obris101	O'Brien Syd
obrit102	O'Brien Tom
obrit101	O'Brien Tom
obrit103	O'Brien Tommy
obriw901	O'Brien William
ocond101	O'Connell Danny
oconj102	O'Connell Jimmy
oconj101	O'Connell John
oconj103	O'Connell John
oconp101	O'Connell Pat
oconu901	O'Connor 
ocona101	O'Connor Andy
ocona901	O'Connor Arthur
oconb001	O'Connor Brian
ocond102	O'Connor Dan
oconf101	O'Connor Frank
oconj104	O'Connor Jack
oconj001	O'Connor Jack
oconj901	O'Connor Jim
oconj105	O'Connor Johnny
oconm001	O'Connor Mike
oconp102	O'Connor Paddy
ocont901	O'Connor Tom
odayd001	O'Day Darren
odayh101	O'Day Hank
odeak101	O'Dea Ken
odayl901	O'Dea Larry
odeap101	O'Dea Paul
odelb101	O'Dell Billy
odelm901	O'Dell Mike
odong101	O'Donnell George
odonh101	O'Donnell Harry
odonj901	O'Donnell Jake
odonj102	O'Donnell John
odonj101	O'Donoghue John
odonj001	O'Donoghue John
odoul101	O'Doul Lefty
ofarb101	O'Farrell Bob
oflae001	O'Flaherty Eric
ohagh101	O'Hagan Hal
ohalg001	O'Halloran Greg
oharb101	O'Hara Bill
ohark101	O'Hara Kid
ohart101	O'Hara Tom
oleac101	O'Leary Charley
olead101	O'Leary Dan
oleat001	O'Leary Troy
olous901	O'Loughlin Silk
omalr001	O'Malley Ryan
omals001	O'Malley Shawn
omalt001	O'Malley Tom
omaro101	O'Mara Ollie
omeat101	O'Meara Eddie
onear001	O'Neal Randy
oneas101	O'Neal Skinny
oneib801	O'Neil Buck
oneie101	O'Neil Ed
oneau101	O'Neil Fancy
oneiu101	O'Neil Hugh
oneij101	O'Neil John
oneim102	O'Neil Mickey
oneib101	O'Neill Bill
oneid101	O'Neill Dennis
oneie102	O'Neill Emmett
oneif101	O'Neill Fred
oneih101	O'Neill Harry
oneih102	O'Neill Harry
oneij102	O'Neill Jack
oneij104	O'Neill Jim
oneij103	O'Neill John
oneim101	O'Neill Mike
oneip001	O'Neill Paul
oneip101	O'Neill Peaches
oneis101	O'Neill Steve
oneit101	O'Neill Tip
onorb901	O'Nora Brian
orild101	O'Riley Don
orouu101	O'Rourke 
orouf101	O'Rourke Frank
orouj103	O'Rourke Jim
orouc101	O'Rourke Jim
orouj101	O'Rourke Joe
orouj102	O'Rourke John
oroum101	O'Rourke Mike
oroup101	O'Rourke Patsy
orouq101	O'Rourke Queenie
orour001	O'Rourke Ryan
orout101	O'Rourke Tim
orout102	O'Rourke Tom
osulj901	O'Sullivan John
osuls001	O'Sullivan Sean
otood101	O'Toole Denny
otooj101	O'Toole Jim
otoom101	O'Toole Marty
oaker101	Oakes Rebel
oanap101	Oana Prince
oatej101	Oates Johnny
obans001	Obando Sherman
oberh101	Oberbeck Henry
obers001	Oberg Scott
oberb001	Oberholtzer Brett
oberk001	Oberkfell Ken
oberd101	Oberlander Doc
oberf101	Oberlin Frank
oberw001	Obermueller Wes
obraj101	Obradovich Jim
oceaf801	Oceak Frank
ochoa001	Ochoa Alex
ochoi001	Ochoa Ivan
ock-w101	Ock Whitey
ockew101	Ockey Walter
odent101	Odenwald Ted
odlia901	Odlin Arthur
odomj101	Odom Blue Moon
odomd101	Odom Dave
odomh101	Odom Heinie
odomj901	Odom Jim
odorr001	Odor Rougned
odorj001	Odorizzi Jake
odwef101	Odwell Fred
oelkb001	Oelkers Bryan
oeltt001	Oeltjen Trent
oertc101	Oertel Chuck
oescj101	Oeschger Joe
oestr001	Oester Ron
offej001	Offerman Jose
offir101	Office Rowland
ogana001	Ogando Alexi
ogann001	Ogando Nefi
ogdec101	Ogden Curly
ogdej101	Ogden Jack
ogeac001	Ogea Chad
oglej101	Oglesby Jim
oglib001	Oglivie Ben
ogrob101	Ogrodowski Bruce
ogroj101	Ogrodowski Joe
ohkat001	Ohka Tomo
ohl-j101	Ohl Joe
ohler001	Ohlendorf Ross
ohmaw001	Ohman Will
ohmek001	Ohme Kevin
ojalk001	Ojala Kirt
ojeda001	Ojeda Augie
ojedb001	Ojeda Bob
ojedm001	Ojeda Miguel
okajh001	Okajima Hideki
okrif101	Okrie Frank
okril101	Okrie Len
olanj001	Olander Jim
oldfd101	Oldfield Dave
oldhj101	Oldham John
oldhr101	Oldham Red
oldib101	Oldis Bob
oldrr101	Oldring Rube
olerj001	Olerud John
olige901	Oliger Ed
olinf101	Olin Frank
olins001	Olin Steve
olivj002	Oliva Jose
olivt102	Oliva Tony
olive101	Olivares Ed
olivo001	Olivares Omar
oliva001	Oliver Al
oliva002	Oliver Andy
olivb101	Oliver Bob
olivd001	Oliver Darren
olivd102	Oliver Dave
olivg101	Oliver Gene
olivj001	Oliver Joe
olivn101	Oliver Nate
olivt101	Oliver Tom
olivh001	Olivera Hector
olivf001	Oliveras Francisco
olivm801	Oliveras Mako
olivl001	Oliveros Lester
olivc101	Olivo Chi-Chi
olivd101	Olivo Diomedes
olivm001	Olivo Miguel
olloj101	Ollom Jim
olmer001	Olmedo Ray
olmol101	Olmo Luis
olmoe001	Olmos Edgar
olmsf101	Olmstead Fred
olmsa101	Olmsted Al
olmsh101	Olmsted Hank
olsea901	Olsen Andy
olseb101	Olsen Barney
olsek001	Olsen Kevin
olseo101	Olsen Ole
olses001	Olsen Scott
olsev101	Olsen Vern
olsog003	Olson Garrett
olsog002	Olson Greg
olsog001	Olson Gregg
olsoi101	Olson Ivy
olsok101	Olson Karl
olsom101	Olson Marv
olsot101	Olson Ted
olsot001	Olson Tim
olsot002	Olson Tyler
olt-m001	Olt Mike
olwie001	Olwine Ed
omogb001	Omogrosso Brian
ondrl001	Ondrusek Logan
onisr101	Onis Ralph
onsle101	Onslow Eddie
onslj101	Onslow Jack
ontis101	Ontiveros Steve
ontis001	Ontiveros Steve
oquej001	Oquendo Jose
oquim001	Oquist Mike
orant101	Oran Tom
orave101	Oravetz Ernie
ordal001	Ordaz Luis
ordet101	Ordenana Tony
ordom001	Ordonez Magglio
ordor001	Ordonez Rey
orenj101	Orengo Joe
oriek001	Orie Kevin
orlap001	Orlando Paulo
ormeg101	Orme George
ormsr901	Ormsby Red
orndj101	Orndorff Jess
orope001	Oropesa Eddie
orosj001	Orosco Jesse
orr-b101	Orr Billy
orr-d101	Orr Dave
orr-p001	Orr Pete
orrej101	Orrell Joe
orsae101	Orsatti Ernie
orsij101	Orsino John
orsuj001	Orsulak Joe
ortaj001	Orta Jorge
ortea001	Ortega Anthony
orteb001	Ortega Bill
ortej001	Ortega Jose
ortep101	Ortega Phil
orter001	Ortega Rafael
orter801	Ortegon Ronnie
ortef101	Ortenzio Frank
ortha101	Orth Al
ortib101	Ortiz Baby
ortid001	Ortiz David
ortih001	Ortiz Hector
ortij002	Ortiz Javier
ortij004	Ortiz Joe
ortij101	Ortiz Jose
ortij003	Ortiz Jose
ortij001	Ortiz Junior
ortil001	Ortiz Luis
ortir002	Ortiz Ramon
ortir101	Ortiz Roberto
ortir001	Ortiz Russ
ortmd001	Ortmeier Daniel
ortoj001	Orton John
orvec001	Orvella Chad
orwoo101	Orwoll Ossie
osbob102	Osborn Bob
osbod801	Osborn Don
osbof102	Osborn Fred
osboo101	Osborn Ozzie
osbob101	Osborne Bobo
osbod001	Osborne Donovan
osbof101	Osborne Fred
osbot101	Osborne Tiny
osbow101	Osborne Wayne
osbow901	Osborne William
osbop101	Osburn Pat
osgoc101	Osgood Charlie
osicj001	Osich Josh
osikk001	Osik Keith
osind101	Osinski Dan
osorf001	Osoria Franquelis
ostdh101	Ostdiek Harry
ostec101	Osteen Champ
ostec103	Osteen Claude
osted101	Osteen Darrell
ostef102	Ostendorf Fred
osteb101	Oster Bill
oster101	Ostergard Red
ostec102	Osterhout Charlie
ostef101	Ostermueller Fritz
ostij001	Osting Jimmy
ostrb101	Ostrosser Brian
ostrj101	Ostrowski Joe
ostrj102	Ostrowski Johnny
osuna001	Osuna Al
osuna002	Osuna Antonio
osunr001	Osuna Roberto
oswar001	Oswalt Roy
otanw001	Otanez Willis
oterd001	Otero Dan
oterr101	Otero Reggie
oterr001	Otero Ricky
oteyb101	Otey Bill
otisa001	Otis Amos
otisb101	Otis Bill
otish101	Otis Harry
otsua001	Otsuka Akinori
ott-b101	Ott Billy
ott-e101	Ott Ed
ott-m101	Ott Mel
ottaa001	Ottavino Adam
ottej101	Otten Jim
ottej102	Otten Joe
otteb101	Otterson Billy
ottod001	Otto Dave
ouelp001	Ouellette Phil
oullj101	Oulliber Johnny
outec101	Outen Chink
outlj101	Outlaw Jimmy
outmj001	Outman Josh
overo101	Overall Orval
overl001	Overbay Lyle
overs101	Overmire Stubby
overm101	Overy Mike
ovite101	Ovitz Ernie
owchb001	Owchinko Bob
owend001	Owen Dave
owenf102	Owen Frank
owenl001	Owen Larry
owenm102	Owen Marv
owenm101	Owen Mickey
owens001	Owen Spike
owenb901	Owens Brick
owene001	Owens Eric
owenh001	Owens Henry
owenh002	Owens Henry
owenj102	Owens Jack
owenj001	Owens Jayhawk
owenj002	Owens Jerry
owenj101	Owens Jim
owenp801	Owens Paul
owenr101	Owens Red
owenr001	Owens Rudy
owenf101	Owens Yip
owinc001	Owings Chris
owinm001	Owings Micah
ownbr001	Ownbey Rick
oxleh101	Oxley Henry
oxspc001	Oxspring Chris
oylea101	Oyler Andy
oyler101	Oyler Ray
ozard801	Ozark Danny
ozmed101	Ozmer Doc
ozunm001	Ozuna Marcell
ozunp001	Ozuna Pablo
paasw901	Paasch Bill
paboc101	Pabor Charlie
pabse101	Pabst Ed
pacej001	Pacella John
pacha001	Pacheco Alex
pachj901	Pacheco Jim
pachj001	Pacheco Jordan
pacht801	Pacheco Tony
pacip001	Pacillo Pat
pacij001	Paciorek Jim
pacij101	Paciorek John
pacit001	Paciorek Tom
packf101	Pack Frankie
packg101	Packard Gene
packs901	Packard Scott
pactj101	Pactwa Joe
paddd102	Padden Dick
paddt101	Padden Tom
paddd101	Paddock Del
padgd101	Padgett Don
padge101	Padgett Ernie
padij901	Padilla Joey
padij002	Padilla Jorge
padij001	Padilla Juan
padiv001	Padilla Vicente
paepd101	Paepke Dennis
paepj801	Paepke Jack
pafka101	Pafko Andy
pagaa001	Pagan Angel
pagad101	Pagan Dave
pagaj101	Pagan Jose
pagej101	Page Joe
pagem101	Page Mike
pagem001	Page Mitchell
pagep101	Page Phil
pages101	Page Sam
pagev101	Page Vance
pagek101	Pagel Karl
paglj101	Pagliaroni Jim
paglm001	Pagliarulo Mike
pagnm001	Pagnozzi Matt
pagnt001	Pagnozzi Tom
paigp101	Paige Pat
paigs101	Paige Satchel
painp101	Paine Phil
painl001	Painter Lance
palar001	Palacios Rey
palav001	Palacios Vicente
palam101	Palagyi Mike
pales901	Palermo Steve
palie101	Palica Erv
palld001	Pall Donn
palld901	Pallone Dave
palmm101	Palm Mike
palmo001	Palmeiro Orlando
palmr001	Palmeiro Rafael
palmu101	Palmer Billy
palmd001	Palmer David
palmd002	Palmer Dean
palme103	Palmer Eddie
palmj001	Palmer Jim
palml101	Palmer Lowell
palmm001	Palmer Matt
palme102	Palmero Emilio
palmj101	Palmisano Joe
palme101	Palmquist Ed
palys101	Palys Stan
panar901	Panas Rich
panij001	Paniagua Jose
panij002	Panik Joe
pankj001	Pankovits Jim
pantj101	Panther Jim
papaj101	Papa John
papaa101	Papai Al
papaj901	Paparella Joe
papek101	Pape Ken
papel101	Pape Larry
papej001	Papelbon Jonathan
papis101	Papi Stan
papif101	Papish Frank
pappj101	Pappalau John
pappe001	Pappas Erik
pappm101	Pappas Milt
paquc001	Paquette Craig
parda001	Pardo Al
parej002	Paredes Jimmy
parej001	Paredes Johnny
paref101	Parent Freddy
parem001	Parent Mark
parik001	Paris Kelly
parim001	Parisi Mike
parit101	Parisse Tony
parkc002	Park Chan Ho
parkj102	Park Jim
parka102	Parker Ace
parkb102	Parker Billy
parkb001	Parker Blake
parkc003	Parker Christian
parkc001	Parker Clay
parkd001	Parker Dave
parkd101	Parker Dixie
parkd102	Parker Doc
parku901	Parker Harry
parkh101	Parker Harry
parkj002	Parker Jarrett
parkj001	Parker Jarrod
parkj101	Parker Jay
parkk001	Parker Kyle
parkp101	Parker Pat
parkr001	Parker Rick
parkr101	Parker Roy
parks102	Parker Salty
parkg901	Parker Tiny
parkw101	Parker Wes
parkf101	Parkinson Frank
parka101	Parks Art
parkb101	Parks Bill
parkd901	Parks Dallas
parkd002	Parks Derek
parks101	Parks Slicker
parmc001	Parmelee Chris
parmr101	Parmelee Roy
parnb001	Parnell Bobby
parnm101	Parnell Mel
parnr101	Parnham Rube
paroc001	Paronto Chad
parqj001	Parque Jim
parrj004	Parr James
parrg001	Parra Gerardo
parrj002	Parra Jose
parrm001	Parra Manny
parrj001	Parrett Jeff
parrs101	Parrilla Sam
parra001	Parrino Andy
parrs001	Parris Steve
parrj003	Parrish John
parrl001	Parrish Lance
parrl002	Parrish Larry
parrj101	Parrott Jiggs
parrm101	Parrott Mike
parrt101	Parrott Tom
parsj102	Parson Jiggs
parsb101	Parsons Bill
parsc001	Parsons Casey
parsc101	Parsons Charlie
parsd101	Parsons Dixie
parst101	Parsons Tom
partc001	Partch Curtis
partr101	Partee Roy
parts101	Partenheimer Stan
parts102	Partenheimer Steve
partj101	Partridge Jay
pascb102	Paschal Ben
pascb101	Paschall Bill
pascc102	Pascual Camilo
pascc101	Pascual Carlos
pascv001	Pascucci Val
pasej101	Pasek Johnny
pashl001	Pashnick Larry
paskd101	Paskert Dode
paslk101	Pasley Kevin
pasqd001	Pasqua Dan
pasqm101	Pasquella Mike
passa901	Passarella Art
passc101	Passeau Claude
pastf001	Pastore Frank
pastj101	Pastorius Jim
pastc101	Pastornicky Cliff
pastt001	Pastornicky Tyler
patct901	Patch Tony
pateb101	Pate Bob
patej101	Pate Joe
patef101	Patek Freddie
patej001	Paterson Joe
patkm801	Patkin Max
patrb101	Patrick Bob
patrb001	Patrick Bronswell
patth104	Pattee Harry
pattc101	Patten Casey
pattb001	Patterson Bob
pattc102	Patterson Clare
pattc001	Patterson Corey
pattd001	Patterson Danny
pattd102	Patterson Daryl
pattd101	Patterson Dave
patte001	Patterson Eric
pattg103	Patterson George
pattg101	Patterson Gil
patth103	Patterson Ham
patth101	Patterson Hank
pattj003	Patterson Jarrod
pattj002	Patterson Jeff
pattj001	Patterson John
pattj004	Patterson John
pattk001	Patterson Ken
pattm102	Patterson Mike
pattp101	Patterson Pat
pattr002	Patterson Red
pattr001	Patterson Reggie
pattr101	Patterson Roy
patts001	Patterson Scott
pattd103	Patterson Tom
pattm903	Pattillo Marcus
pattm101	Pattin Marty
pattj101	Pattison Jimmy
pattb101	Patton Bill
pattd002	Patton David
pattg102	Patton Gene
patth102	Patton Harry
patts002	Patton Spencer
pattt101	Patton Tom
pattt001	Patton Troy
paulj001	Paul Josh
paull101	Paul Lou
paulm101	Paul Mike
paulx001	Paul Xavier
paulc101	Paula Carlos
paulg102	Paulette Gene
pauld001	Pauley David
paulf001	Paulino Felipe
paulr001	Paulino Ronny
paulb001	Paulsen Ben
paulg101	Paulsen Gil
pauxs101	Pauxtis Si
pavac001	Pavano Carl
pavld001	Pavlas Dave
pavld101	Pavletich Don
pavlg801	Pavlick Greg
pavlr001	Pavlik Roger
pawet101	Pawelek Ted
pawls101	Pawloski Stan
pawlj001	Pawlowski John
paxtj001	Paxton James
paxtm101	Paxton Mike
paylj901	Paylor Jim
paynf101	Payne Fred
payng102	Payne George
paynh101	Payne Harley
paynm001	Payne Mike
payng101	Paynter George
paytj001	Payton Jay
pazim101	Pazik Mike
pazoj001	Pazos James
peacb001	Peacock Brad
peacj101	Peacock Johnny
peake101	Peak Elias
peakf901	Peak Frank
peard101	Pearce Bunny
peard102	Pearce Dickey
pearf103	Pearce Frank
pearf101	Pearce Frank
pearh101	Pearce Harry
pearj101	Pearce Jim
pearj001	Pearce Josh
pears001	Pearce Steve
pearf102	Pears Frank
peara102	Pearson Albie
peara101	Pearson Alex
peari101	Pearson Ike
pearj002	Pearson Jason
pearm101	Pearson Monte
peart001	Pearson Terry
pears901	Pearson Willard
peasm101	Peasley Marv
peavj001	Peavy Jake
pechg101	Pechiney George
pechc101	Pechous Charlie
peckh101	Peck Hal
peckr101	Peckinpaugh Roger
pecob001	Pecota Bill
pedel101	Peden Les
pedej001	Pederson Joc
pedes001	Pederson Stu
pedrj001	Pedre Jorge
pedra001	Pedrique Al
pedrc101	Pedro Chick
pedrd001	Pedroia Dustin
peeks101	Peek Steve
peelh101	Peel Homer
peerj101	Peerson Jack
peerr101	Peery Red
peetc101	Peete Charlie
peguc001	Peguero Carlos
peguf001	Peguero Francisco
peguj002	Peguero Jailen
peguj001	Peguero Julio
pegus001	Pegues Steve
peith101	Peitz Heinie
peitj101	Peitz Joe
pelaa001	Pelaez Alex
pelec901	Pelekoudas Chris
pelfm001	Pelfrey Mike
pelle101	Pellagrini Eddie
pellk001	Pellow Kit
pelol101	Pelouze Louis
peltd001	Peltier Dan
peltb101	Pelty Barney
peltj101	Peltz John
pembd001	Pember Dave
pembb101	Pemberton Brock
pembr001	Pemberton Rudy
penaa001	Pena Alejandro
penaa002	Pena Angel
penaa003	Pena Ariel
penab001	Pena Bert
penab002	Pena Brayan
penac001	Pena Carlos
penae001	Pena Elvis
penaf001	Pena Francisco
penag001	Pena Geronimo
penah001	Pena Hipolito
penaj003	Pena Jesus
penaj001	Pena Jim
penaj101	Pena Jose
penaj002	Pena Juan
penao101	Pena Orlando
penar002	Pena Ramiro
penar001	Pena Ramon
penar101	Pena Roberto
penat001	Pena Tony
penat002	Pena Tony
penat003	Pena Tony
penaw001	Pena Wily Mo
pence101	Pence Elmer
pench001	Pence Hunter
pencr101	Pence Rusty
pendj101	Pendleton Jim
pendl001	Pendleton Lance
pendt001	Pendleton Terry
pennh001	Penn Hayden
penns001	Penn Shannon
pennk102	Penner Ken
pennb001	Pennington Brad
pennc001	Pennington Cliff
pennk101	Pennington Kewpie
pennh101	Pennock Herb
pennb002	Penny Brad
pennw001	Pennyfeather Will
pensp101	Penson Paul
pentj801	Pentland Jeff
pentg101	Pentz Gene
peopj101	Peoples Jimmy
pepij101	Pepitone Joe
peplh101	Peploski Henry
peplp101	Peploski Pepper
peppb101	Pepper Bob
peppd101	Pepper Don
peppl101	Pepper Laurin
peppr101	Pepper Ray
pepph101	Peppers Harrison
perad001	Peralta David
peraj001	Peralta Jhonny
peraj002	Peralta Joel
peraw001	Peralta Wily
peraj003	Peraza Jose
peral101	Peraza Luis
perao001	Peraza Oswaldo
perct001	Percival Troy
percj001	Perconte Jack
perdl001	Perdomo Luis
perdh101	Perdue Hub
perea001	Perez Antonio
perea002	Perez Audry
pereb001	Perez Beltran
perec001	Perez Carlos
perec003	Perez Carlos
perec002	Perez Chris
pered001	Perez Danny
pered901	Perez Dave
peree002	Perez Eddie
peree001	Perez Eduardo
peree003	Perez Eury
peref001	Perez Fernando
pereg101	Perez George
pereh001	Perez Hernan
perej001	Perez Juan
perej002	Perez Juan
perel001	Perez Luis
perem004	Perez Martin
perem101	Perez Marty
perem001	Perez Melido
perem003	Perez Miguel
perem002	Perez Mike
peren001	Perez Neifi
pereo001	Perez Odalis
pereo002	Perez Oliver
perep001	Perez Pascual
perer002	Perez Rafael
perer901	Perez Ray
perer001	Perez Robert
perer003	Perez Roberto
peres002	Perez Salvador
peres001	Perez Santiago
peret004	Perez Timo
peret003	Perez Tomas
peret001	Perez Tony
perew001	Perez Williams
perey001	Perez Yorkis
peret002	Perezchica Tony
perim001	Perisho Matt
perkb001	Perkins Broderick
perkc103	Perkins Cecil
perkc102	Perkins Charlie
perkc101	Perkins Cy
perkd001	Perkins Dan
perkg001	Perkins Glen
perkj101	Perkovich John
perkh101	Perkowski Harry
perlj001	Perlman Jon
perls101	Perlozzo Sam
perml101	Perme Len
pernh101	Pernoll Hub
perrr101	Perranoski Ron
perrb101	Perrin Bill
perrj101	Perrin John
perrb901	Perrine Bull
perrn101	Perrine Nig
perrg102	Perring George
perrp101	Perritt Pol
perrb103	Perry Bob
perrb102	Perry Boyd
perrc001	Perry Chan
perrc101	Perry Clay
perrg101	Perry Gaylord
perrg001	Perry Gerald
perrh101	Perry Hank
perrh001	Perry Herbert
perrj001	Perry Jason
perrj102	Perry Jim
perrp001	Perry Pat
perrr001	Perry Ryan
perrs101	Perry Scott
perrp102	Perryman Parson
persr001	Person Robert
pertb101	Pertica Bill
perzs101	Perzanowski Stan
peskj101	Pesky Johnny
pestv001	Pestano Vinnie
petar001	Petagine Roberto
petej001	Peterek Jeff
peteb103	Peterman Bill
petec001	Peters Chris
peteg101	Peters Gary
petej103	Peters John
petej102	Peters John
peter103	Peters Ray
peter001	Peters Rick
peter102	Peters Rube
peter101	Peters Rusty
petes001	Peters Steve
peteb001	Petersen Bryan
petec002	Petersen Chris
petea001	Peterson Adam
petea002	Peterson Adam
peteb101	Peterson Bob
peteb002	Peterson Brock
peteb102	Peterson Buddy
petec101	Peterson Cap
petef101	Peterson Fritz
peteh101	Peterson Hardy
petej002	Peterson Jace
petej101	Peterson Jim
petek101	Peterson Kent
petek001	Peterson Kyle
peter801	Peterson Rick
petes002	Peterson Shane
petes101	Peterson Sid
petig001	Petit Gregorio
petiy001	Petit Yusmeiro
petkm001	Petkovsek Mark
petot101	Petoskey Ted
petrg001	Petralli Geno
petrb001	Petrick Ben
petrb002	Petrick Billy
petrj001	Petricka Jake
petrr101	Petrocelli Rico
petrd001	Petry Dan
pettp102	Pettee Pat
pettj102	Pettibone Jay
pettj001	Pettibone Jonathan
pettn101	Pettigrew Ned
pettj101	Pettini Joe
pettg001	Pettis Gary
pettb101	Pettit Bob
pettc001	Pettit Chris
pettl101	Pettit Leon
pettp101	Pettit Paul
petta001	Pettitte Andy
pettc101	Petty Charlie
pettj103	Petty Jesse
petta002	Pettyjohn Adam
pevem001	Pevey Marty
pezol101	Pezold Larry
pezzp101	Pezzullo Pretzel
pfanb101	Pfann Bill
pfeff102	Pfeffer Big Jeff
pfeff101	Pfeffer Fred
pfefj101	Pfeffer Jeff
peffm101	Pfeffer Monte
pfeib101	Pfeil Bobby
pfiej101	Pfiester Jack
pfirc901	Pfirman Cy
pfisd101	Pfister Dan
pfisg101	Pfister George
pfunl101	Pfund Lee
pfylm101	Pfyl Monty
phamt001	Pham Tommy
phebb101	Phebus Bill
phegj001	Phegley Josh
phela101	Phelan Art
pheld102	Phelan Dan
pheld101	Phelan Dick
phell801	Phelan Lou
phelu901	Phelan Tommy
phelb101	Phelps Babe
phelc001	Phelps Cord
pheld001	Phelps David
phele101	Phelps Ed
phelj001	Phelps Josh
phelk001	Phelps Ken
pheln101	Phelps Nealy
phelr101	Phelps Ray
phelt002	Phelps Tommy
phelt001	Phelps Travis
phild102	Philley Dave
phild101	Phillippe Deacon
phila101	Phillips Adolfo
phila001	Phillips Andy
philb104	Phillips Bill
philb101	Phillips Bill
philb001	Phillips Brandon
philb102	Phillips Bubba
philb103	Phillips Buz
phild901	Phillips Dave
phild104	Phillips Dee
phild103	Phillips Dick
phile103	Phillips Ed
phile102	Phillips Eddie
phile101	Phillips Eddie
philh001	Phillips Heath
philh801	Phillips Horace
philj001	Phillips J.R.
philj102	Phillips Jack
philj101	Phillips Jack
philj002	Phillips Jason
philj003	Phillips Jason
philk001	Phillips Kyle
phill801	Phillips Lefty
philm102	Phillips Marr
philm101	Phillips Mike
philp001	Phillips Paul
philr101	Phillips Red
philt101	Phillips Taylor
philt102	Phillips Tom
philt001	Phillips Tony
philz001	Phillips Zach
phipd001	Phipps Denis
phipj901	Phipps Jerry
phoet101	Phoebus Tom
phoes001	Phoenix Steve
phylb101	Phyle Bill
piata001	Piatt Adam
piatd001	Piatt Doug
piatw101	Piatt Wiley
piazm001	Piazza Mike
piccr001	Picciolo Rob
piccn101	Picciuto Nick
pichh001	Pichardo Hipolito
pichr101	Piche Ron
piciv101	Picinich Val
pickc103	Pick Charlie
picke101	Pick Eddie
pickc001	Pickering Calvin
picko101	Pickering Ollie
picku101	Pickering Urbane
pickc102	Pickett Charlie
pickd101	Pickett Dave
pickj101	Pickett John
pickr001	Pickett Ricky
pickk001	Pickford Kevin
pickc101	Pickrel Clarence
pickt101	Pickup Ty
picoj001	Pico Jeff
picom101	Picone Mario
pie-f001	Pie Felix
pieca101	Piechota Al
piedj001	Piedra Jorge
piehc101	Pieh Cy
pierb101	Pierce Billy
piere001	Pierce Ed
pearg101	Pierce George
pierg101	Pierce Gracie
pierj101	Pierce Jack
pierj001	Pierce Jeff
pierm102	Pierce Maury
pierr101	Pierce Ray
piert101	Pierce Tony
piera102	Piercy Andy
pierb103	Piercy Bill
pierm101	Pieretti Marino
piera101	Pierotti Al
pierj002	Pierre Juan
pierb102	Pierro Bill
pierj102	Piersall Jim
pierc001	Piersoll Chris
pierd102	Pierson Dave
pierd101	Pierson Dick
pierj801	Pierson John
pierw101	Pierson William
piera001	Pierzynski A.J.
piett101	Piet Tony
piezs101	Piez Sandy
pignj101	Pignatano Joe
pignc001	Pignatiello Carmen
pikej102	Pike Israel
pikej101	Pike Jess
pikel101	Pike Lip
piktg101	Piktuzis George
pilaa101	Pilarcik Al
pilam901	Pilato Mike
pillb001	Pill Brett
pillk001	Pillar Kevin
pilld101	Pillette Duane
pillh101	Pillette Herman
pills101	Pillion Squiz
pilna101	Pilney Andy
pimes001	Pimentel Stolmy
pinah101	Pina Horacio
pinam001	Pina Manny
pindb001	Pinder Branden
pinel001	Pineda Luis
pinem001	Pineda Michael
pinej001	Pineiro Joel
pineb101	Pinelli Babe
pinil001	Piniella Lou
pinke101	Pinkham Ed
pinkg101	Pinkney George
pinne101	Pinnance Ed
pinoy001	Pino Yohan
pinsv101	Pinson Vada
pintj001	Pinto Josmil
pintl101	Pinto Lerton
pintr001	Pinto Renyel
pipge101	Pipgras Ed
pipgg101	Pipgras George
pippw101	Pipp Wally
pippc101	Pippen Cotton
pirej001	Pirela Jose
pirij101	Pirie James
pirkg001	Pirkl Greg
pirtg101	Pirtle Gerry
piscm001	Pisciotta Marc
piscs001	Piscotty Stephen
pisoj101	Pisoni Jim
pitka101	Pitko Alex
pitlj101	Pitler Jake
pitls101	Pitlock Skip
pittc001	Pittaro Chris
pittp101	Pittenger Pinky
pittt101	Pittinger Togie
pittj001	Pittman Joe
pittg101	Pitts Gaylen
pittj002	Pittsley Jim
pitus101	Pitula Stan
pitzh101	Pitz Herman
pizaj101	Pizarro Juan
pladg101	Pladson Gordie
plane102	Planeta Emil
plane103	Plank Ed
plane101	Plank Eddie
plane001	Plantenberg Erik
planp001	Plantier Phil
plard101	Plarski Don
plase101	Plaskett Elmo
platw101	Platt Whitey
plata101	Platte Al
plawk001	Plawecki Kevin
plazr801	Plaza Ron
pleib101	Pleis Bill
plesd001	Plesac Dan
plesr101	Pless Rance
plewh101	Plews Herb
plitn101	Plitt Norman
plocw101	Plock Walter
plodt101	Plodinec Tim
plout001	Plouffe Trevor
plumb101	Plummer Bill
plune001	Plunk Eric
plymj001	Plympton Jeff
poatr101	Poat Ray
pocob001	Pocoroba Biff
podbb101	Podbielan Bud
podgj101	Podgajny Johnny
podrj101	Podres Johnny
podss001	Podsednik Scott
poepm101	Poepping Mike
poetj101	Poetz Joe
pofaj101	Pofahl Jimmy
poffj101	Poff John
poffb101	Poffenberger Boots
pohot101	Poholsky Tom
poinj101	Poindexter Jennings
poina101	Pointer Aaron
polag001	Polanco Gregory
polaj001	Polanco Jorge
polap001	Polanco Placido
polah101	Poland Hugh
polcl101	Polchow Lou
polck001	Polcovich Kevin
poldb801	Poldberg Brian
poled101	Pole Dick
polhm101	Polhemus Mark
polig001	Polidor Gus
polic001	Politte Cliff
polik101	Polivka Ken
pollh101	Pollet Howie
polld001	Polley Dale
polll101	Polli Lou
polla001	Pollock A.J.
polln101	Polly Nick
poloj101	Poloni John
polol001	Polonia Luis
pomed001	Pomeranz Drew
pomes001	Pomeranz Stuart
pomoj101	Pomorski John
pompd001	Pompey Dalton
pompj901	Pomponi Joe
poncc001	Ponce Carlos
poncl901	Poncino Larry
ponda101	Pond Arlie
pondr101	Pond Ralph
ponds001	Pond Simon
ponde101	Ponder Elmer
ponss001	Ponson Sidney
poolh101	Pool Harlin
poole101	Poole Ed
poolj101	Poole Jim
poolj001	Poole Jim
poolr101	Poole Ray
poort101	Poorman Tom
poped101	Pope Dave
popop101	Popovich Paul
popoe801	Popowski Eddie
poppb101	Popp Bill
poppg101	Popplein George
poqut101	Poquette Tom
porcr001	Porcello Rick
porea001	Poreda Aaron
porre101	Porray Ed
porta901	Porter Alan
portb001	Porter Bo
portb101	Porter Bob
portu901	Porter Charles
portc001	Porter Chuck
portc002	Porter Colin
portd102	Porter Dan
portd001	Porter Darrell
portd101	Porter Dick
porth101	Porter Henry
porti101	Porter Irv
portj101	Porter JW
portm101	Porter Matthew
portn101	Porter Ned
porto101	Porter Odie
portb102	Porterfield Bob
porta102	Porto Al
porta101	Portocarrero Arnie
portm001	Portugal Mark
porzm001	Porzio Mike
posaj001	Posada Jorge
posal101	Posada Leo
poses001	Pose Scott
poseb102	Posedel Bill
poseb101	Poser Bob
poseb001	Posey Buster
possl101	Possehl Lou
postl101	Post Lew
posts101	Post Sam
postw101	Post Wally
potel001	Pote Lou
pottn101	Pott Nellie
pottd102	Potter Dykes
pottm101	Potter Mike
pottn102	Potter Nels
potts901	Potter Scott
potts101	Potter Squire
pottd101	Potts Doc
pottj101	Potts John
pottm001	Potts Mike
poulk101	Poulsen Ken
pounb101	Pounds Bill
powea101	Powell Abner
powea001	Powell Alonzo
poweb102	Powell Bill
powel101	Powell Bob
poweb101	Powell Boog
poweb001	Powell Brian
powed002	Powell Dante
powed001	Powell Dennis
poweg101	Powell Grover
poweh101	Powell Hosken
powej105	Powell Jack
powej101	Powell Jack
powej901	Powell Jack
powej106	Powell Jake
powej001	Powell Jay
powej002	Powell Jeremy
powej102	Powell Jim
powel001	Powell Landon
powem101	Powell Martin
powep102	Powell Paul
power101	Powell Ray
power001	Powell Ross
powec902	Power Charles
powet001	Power Ted
powet101	Power Tom
powev101	Power Vic
powem102	Powers Doc
powei101	Powers Ike
powej104	Powers Jim
powej103	Powers John
powel102	Powers Les
powem103	Powers Mike
powep801	Powers Pat
powep101	Powers Phil
powew901	Powers W.
powic101	Powis Carl
pozoa001	Pozo Arquimedez
pradm001	Prado Martin
pralw101	Prall Willie
pramj101	Pramesa Johnny
prata101	Pratt Al
prata001	Pratt Andy
pratd101	Pratt Del
pratf101	Pratt Frank
pratl101	Pratt Larry
pratl901	Pratt Lester
pratt001	Pratt Todd
pratt101	Pratt Tom
pregj101	Pregenzer John
preim101	Preibisch Mel
prenj101	Prendergast Jim
prenm101	Prendergast Mike
preng101	Prentiss George
presb101	Prescott Bobby
presj101	Presko Joe
presa001	Presley Alex
presj001	Presley Jim
presr001	Pressly Ryan
prest101	Pressnell Tot
presw101	Preston Walt
pricw101	Price Bill
pricb801	Price Bryan
pricb001	Price Bryan
pricd001	Price David
pricj103	Price Jackie
pricj801	Price Jim
pricj102	Price Jim
pricj101	Price Joe
pricj001	Price Joe
pricb101	Prichard Bob
pridb101	Priddy Bob
pridj101	Priddy Jerry
pridc001	Pride Curtis
pridj001	Pridie Jason
priee001	Priest Eddie
priej101	Priest Johnny
priea002	Prieto Alex
priea001	Prieto Ariel
priec001	Prieto Chris
primr101	Prim Ray
prind101	Prince Don
prinj001	Prince Josh
print001	Prince Tom
prinw101	Prince Walter
prinb001	Prinz Bret
priom001	Prior Mark
pritb101	Pritchard Buddy
pritc001	Pritchett Chris
procj101	Proctor Jim
procr101	Proctor Red
procs001	Proctor Scott
proeg101	Proeser George
profj001	Profar Jurickson
prokl001	Prokopec Luke
prolm101	Proly Mike
propj101	Propst Jake
protd101	Prothro Doc
proub101	Prough Bill
pruda101	Prudhomme Augie
pruee101	Pruess Earl
prueh101	Pruett Hub
pruej101	Pruett Jim
pruit101	Pruiett Tex
pruir101	Pruitt Ron
pryog001	Pryor Greg
pryop901	Pryor Paul
pryos001	Pryor Stephen
puccg101	Puccinelli George
puckk001	Puckett Kirby
puckt101	Puckett Troy
puenm101	Puente Migel
puffb001	Puffer Brandon
pught001	Pugh Tim
puhlj101	Puhl John
puhlt001	Puhl Terry
puigr101	Puig Rich
puigy001	Puig Yasiel
pujoa001	Pujols Albert
pujol001	Pujols Luis
pulec001	Puleo Charlie
pulia001	Pulido Alfonso
pulic001	Pulido Carlos
pullf901	Pulli Frank
pullh001	Pulliam Harvey
pulsb001	Pulsipher Bill
pumps101	Pumpelly Spencer
puntn001	Punto Nick
purcb101	Purcell Blondie
purcd001	Purcey David
purdj101	Purdin John
purda901	Purduski Al
purdp101	Purdy Pid
purkb101	Purkey Bob
purnj101	Purnell Jesse
purno101	Purner Oscar
purtb101	Purtell Billy
puskj901	Puskaric Joe
putkl001	Putkonen Luke
putme101	Putman Ed
putnd001	Putnam Danny
putnp001	Putnam Pat
putnz001	Putnam Zach
putta101	Puttmann Ambrose
putzj001	Putz J.J.
pybuj101	Pyburn Jim
pye-e001	Pye Eddie
pyecj101	Pyecha John
pylee101	Pyle Ewald
pyleh101	Pyle Harlan
pyles101	Pyle Shadow
pytlf101	Pytlak Frankie
pyznt001	Pyznarski Tim
quack001	Quackenbush Kevin
quadm801	Quade Mike
qualc001	Qualls Chad
qualj101	Qualls Jim
qualt101	Qualters Tom
quanp001	Quantrill Paul
quarb101	Quarles Bill
quatm801	Quatraro Matt
queeb101	Queen Billy
queem101	Queen Mel
queem102	Queen Mel
quisu901	Queisser Arthur
quelg101	Quellich George
quenc001	Quentin Carlos
quesj101	Quest Joe
quevr001	Quevedo Ruben
quice101	Quick Eddie
quich101	Quick Hal
quicj901	Quick Jim
quige901	Quigley Ernie
quilf101	Quilici Frank
quill101	Quillin Lee
quinu101	Quinlan 
quinf101	Quinlan Finners
quinf102	Quinlan Frank
quinr002	Quinlan Robb
quint001	Quinlan Tom
quinp102	Quinn 
quina901	Quinn A.J.
quinb901	Quinn Billy
quinf103	Quinn Frank
quinf104	Quinn Frank
quinj102	Quinn Jack
quinj103	Quinn Joe
quinj104	Quinn John
quinj901	Quinn John
quinp101	Quinn Joseph
quinm001	Quinn Mark
quinp103	Quinn Paddy
quint102	Quinn Tad
quint101	Quinn Tom
quinw101	Quinn Wimpy
quinl001	Quinones Luis
quinr001	Quinones Rey
quinc001	Quintana Carlos
quinj001	Quintana Jose
quinl101	Quintana Luis
quino001	Quintanilla Omar
quinh001	Quintero Humberto
quinm101	Quinton Marshall
quirr001	Quirico Rafael
quira101	Quirk Art
quirj001	Quirk Jamie
quirg001	Quiroz Guillermo
quisd001	Quisenberry Dan
raabb001	Raabe Brian
rabbj001	Rabb John
rabbj101	Rabbitt Joe
rabec101	Rabe Charlie
rabej001	Rabe Josh
rabem001	Rabelo Mike
rabur001	Raburn Ryan
rachs101	Rachunok Steve
rackd901	Rackley David
rackm101	Rackley Marv
raczm001	Raczka Mike
radad101	Radatz Dick
radbg101	Radbourn George
radbc101	Radbourn Old Hoss
radcj101	Radcliff John
radcr101	Radcliff Rip
rader101	Radebaugh Roy
raded101	Rader Dave
raded104	Rader Don
raded103	Rader Doug
raded102	Rader Drew
radfp101	Radford Paul
radis001	Radinsky Scott
radid801	Radison Dan
radkb001	Radke Brad
radlr001	Radlosky Rob
radmr001	Radmanovich Ryan
radtj101	Radtke Jack
raeth101	Raether Hal
raffk101	Raffensberger Ken
raffa101	Raffo Al
raftj101	Rafter Jack
raftt101	Raftery Tom
ragap101	Ragan Pat
reagr101	Ragan Rip
raggb001	Raggio Brady
raglf101	Ragland Frank
raglt101	Ragland Tom
raice101	Raich Eric
rains001	Rain Steve
rainl101	Raines Larry
raint001	Raines Tim
raint002	Raines Tim
rainc001	Rainey Chuck
rainj101	Rainey John
rainj901	Rains Jim
rajsd101	Rajsich Dave
rajsg001	Rajsich Gary
rakea001	Rakers Aaron
rakej001	Rakers Jason
rakos901	Rakos Shawn
rakoe101	Rakow Ed
ralej101	Raleigh John
raleb001	Raley Brooks
ralsd101	Ralston Doc
ramab101	Ramazzotti Bob
rambp102	Rambert Pep
rambp101	Rambo Pete
ramia002	Ramirez Alex
ramia003	Ramirez Alexei
ramia101	Ramirez Allan
ramia001	Ramirez Aramis
ramie003	Ramirez Edwar
ramie002	Ramirez Elizardo
ramie005	Ramirez Elvin
ramie001	Ramirez Erasmo
ramie004	Ramirez Erasmo
ramih003	Ramirez Hanley
ramih001	Ramirez Hector
ramih002	Ramirez Horacio
ramij002	Ramirez J.C.
ramij003	Ramirez Jose
ramij004	Ramirez Jose
ramij001	Ramirez Julio
ramim002	Ramirez Manny
ramim001	Ramirez Mario
ramim003	Ramirez Max
ramim101	Ramirez Milt
ramin001	Ramirez Neil
ramin002	Ramirez Noe
ramio101	Ramirez Orlando
ramir001	Ramirez Rafael
ramir003	Ramirez Ramon
ramir004	Ramirez Ramon
ramir002	Ramirez Roberto
ramis001	Ramirez Santiago
ramiw001	Ramirez Wilkin
ramoa001	Ramos A.J.
ramor001	Ramos Bobby
ramoc001	Ramos Cesar
ramoc101	Ramos Chucho
ramod001	Ramos Domingo
ramoe001	Ramos Edgar
ramoj001	Ramos John
ramok001	Ramos Ken
ramom001	Ramos Mario
ramop101	Ramos Pedro
ramow001	Ramos Wilson
ramsr901	Ramsay R.
ramsr001	Ramsay Robert
ramsw101	Ramsdell Willie
ramsb101	Ramsey Bill
ramsd901	Ramsey Dick
ramsf001	Ramsey Fernando
ramsm001	Ramsey Mike
ramsm002	Ramsey Mike
ramst101	Ramsey Toad
ranaa001	Ranaudo Anthony
randd101	Rand Dick
randj002	Randa Joe
randb101	Randall Bob
randl901	Randall Larry
randn101	Randall Newt
randj001	Randall Sap
rands002	Randall Scott
randt901	Randazzo Tony
randl101	Randle Lenny
rands001	Randolph Steve
randw001	Randolph Willie
ranem101	Ranew Merritt
raner101	Raney Ribs
ransc001	Ransom Cody
ransj101	Ransom Jeff
rapac001	Rapada Clay
rappe101	Rapp Earl
rappg101	Rapp Goldie
rappp001	Rapp Pat
rappv801	Rapp Vern
rapue901	Rapuano Ed
rarib101	Rariden Bill
rascv101	Raschi Vic
rasmc001	Rasmus Colby
rasmc002	Rasmus Cory
rasmd001	Rasmussen Dennis
rasme101	Rasmussen Eric
rasmh101	Rasmussen Hans
rasmr001	Rasmussen Rob
rasnd001	Rasner Darrell
rastj901	Rastall Joseph
rathf101	Rath Fred
rathf001	Rath Fred
rathg001	Rath Gary
rathm101	Rath Morrie
ratlg101	Ratliff Gene
ratlj001	Ratliff Jon
ratlp101	Ratliff Paul
ratzs101	Ratzer Steve
rau-d101	Rau Doug
raubt101	Raub Tommy
raucb101	Rauch Bob
raucj001	Rauch Jon
raudb101	Raudman Bob
rautl101	Rautzhan Lance
ravab901	Ravan Bruce
ravat901	Ravashiere Tom
ravij001	Ravin Josh
rawls001	Rawley Shane
rawlj101	Rawlings Johnny
ray-c101	Ray Carl
ray-c001	Ray Chris
ray-f101	Ray Farmer
ray-i101	Ray Irv
ray-j101	Ray Jim
ray-j001	Ray Johnny
ray-k001	Ray Ken
ray-l101	Ray Larry
ray-r002	Ray Robbie
ray-r001	Ray Robert
raydc101	Raydon Curt
rayff001	Rayford Floyd
raymf101	Raymer Fred
raymb101	Raymond Bugs
raymc101	Raymond Claude
raymh101	Raymond Harry
rayml101	Raymond Lou
raynj001	Raynor John
razib101	Raziano Barry
rea-c001	Rea Colin
reaca101	Reach Al
reacb101	Reach Bob
readr001	Ready Randy
realj001	Realmuto J.T.
reamb001	Reames Britt
reaml101	Reams Leroy
rearb901	Reardon Beans
rearj001	Reardon Jeff
rearj101	Reardon Jeremiah
rearp101	Reardon Phil
rearc001	Rearick Chris
rebea101	Rebel Art
rebef101	Reberger Frank
reboj001	Reboulet Jeff
reccj101	Reccius John
reccp101	Reccius Phil
recka001	Recker Anthony
reddj001	Reddick Josh
reddp101	Redding Phil
reddt001	Redding Tim
redej101	Reder Johnny
redfb101	Redfern Buck
redfp101	Redfern Pete
redfj001	Redfield Joe
redhu901	Redheffer 
redmm002	Redman Mark
redmp001	Redman Prentice
redmt001	Redman Tike
redmg101	Redmon Glenn
redmb101	Redmond Billy
redmh101	Redmond Harry
redmj101	Redmond Jack
redmm001	Redmond Mike
redmt002	Redmond Todd
redmw101	Redmond Wayne
redug001	Redus Gary
redye801	Redys Ed
reecb101	Reece Bob
reeda001	Reed Addison
reedb103	Reed Billy
reedb102	Reed Bob
reedc001	Reed Chris
reedd001	Reed Darren
reede001	Reed Eric
reede002	Reed Evan
reedh102	Reed Howie
reedj101	Reed Jack
reedj001	Reed Jeff
reedj004	Reed Jeremy
reedj002	Reed Jerry
reedj003	Reed Jody
reedk001	Reed Keith
reedm001	Reed Michael
reedm101	Reed Milt
reedr901	Reed Rick
reedr002	Reed Rick
reedr001	Reed Ron
reeds001	Reed Steve
reedt101	Reed Ted
reedb101	Reeder Bill
reedi101	Reeder Icicle
reedn101	Reeder Nick
reess101	Rees Stan
reesr102	Reese Andy
reesj101	Reese Jimmie
reesk001	Reese Kevin
reesp101	Reese Pee Wee
reesp001	Reese Pokey
reesr101	Reese Rich
reevb101	Reeves Bobby
refsr001	Refsnyder Rob
regar101	Regalado Rudy
regab101	Regan Bill
regaj101	Regan Joe
regam101	Regan Mike
regap101	Regan Phil
regin001	Regilio Nick
regis001	Register Steven
regot101	Rego Tony
rehgw101	Rehg Wally
reibf101	Reiber Frank
reich101	Reich Herman
reicr101	Reichardt Rick
reicd001	Reichert Dan
reicd101	Reichle Dick
reidb102	Reid Billy
reide101	Reid Earl
reedh101	Reid Hugh
reidj001	Reid Jessie
reidr001	Reid Ryan
reids101	Reid Scott
reidb101	Reidy Bill
reilc101	Reilley Charlie
reild101	Reilley Duke
reila101	Reilly Arch
reilb101	Reilly Barney
reilc901	Reilly Charles
reilc102	Reilly Charlie
reilh101	Reilly Hal
reilj101	Reilly James
reilj103	Reilly John
reilj102	Reilly Josh
reilm901	Reilly Mike
reilt101	Reilly Tom
reimk001	Reimer Kevin
reimn001	Reimold Nolan
reinm101	Reinbach Mike
reinw101	Reinecker Wally
reinc001	Reineke Chad
reina102	Reinhart Art
reina101	Reinholz Art
reint901	Reininger Travis
reipc101	Reipschlager Charlie
reisb102	Reis Bobby
reisj101	Reis Jack
reisl101	Reis Laurie
reist101	Reis Tommy
reisp101	Reiser Pete
reisb101	Reisigl Bugs
reisc101	Reising Charlie
reisd101	Reisling Doc
reisa101	Reiss Al
reitb001	Reith Brian
reitc001	Reitsma Chris
reith101	Reitz Heinie
reitk101	Reitz Ken
rekab001	Rekar Bryan
relad001	Relaford Desi
relic901	Reliford Charlie
remeb101	Rementer Butch
remlm001	Remlinger Mike
remmw101	Remmerswaal Win
remna101	Remneas Alex
remsj101	Remsen Jack
remyj001	Remy Jerry
renda001	Rendon Anthony
renfe101	Renfer Erwin
renfl001	Renfroe Laddie
renfm101	Renfroe Marshall
renir101	Renick Rick
renih101	Reniff Hal
renij101	Reninger Jim
renks101	Renko Steve
rennb101	Renna Bill
rennd901	Rennert Dutch
renst101	Rensa Tony
rente001	Renteria Edgar
rentr001	Renteria Rich
repab101	Repass Bob
repkj001	Repko Jason
repla101	Replogle Andy
repor101	Repoz Roger
repur101	Repulski Rip
rescx101	Rescigno Xavier
resig801	Resinger Grover
resoc001	Resop Chris
ressl101	Ressler Larry
restd101	Restelli Dino
restm001	Restovich Michael
rettm101	Rettenmund Merv
rettg101	Rettger George
retto101	Rettig Otto
retzk101	Retzer Ken
reule101	Reulbach Ed
reusp101	Reuschel Paul
reusr001	Reuschel Rick
reusj001	Reuss Jerry
revet001	Revenig Todd
reveb001	Revere Ben
reved101	Revering Dave
revih101	Reville Henry
rextw101	Rexter William
reybd901	Reyburn D.J.
reyea001	Reyes Alberto
reyea002	Reyes Anthony
reyea003	Reyes Argenis
reyec801	Reyes Cananea
reyec001	Reyes Carlos
reyed001	Reyes Dennys
reyeg001	Reyes Gil
reyej003	Reyes Jo-Jo
reyej001	Reyes Jose
reyej002	Reyes Jose
reyen101	Reyes Nap
reyer001	Reyes Rene
reyna102	Reynolds Allie
reyna101	Reynolds Archie
reynb101	Reynolds Bill
reynb102	Reynolds Bob
reync102	Reynolds Carl
reync103	Reynolds Charlie
reync101	Reynolds Charlie
reync001	Reynolds Craig
reynd102	Reynolds Danny
reynd101	Reynolds Don
reyng001	Reynolds Greg
reynh001	Reynolds Harold
reynj901	Reynolds Jim
reynk101	Reynolds Ken
reynm001	Reynolds Mark
reynm002	Reynolds Matt
reynr001	Reynolds R.J.
reynr002	Reynolds Ronn
reynr101	Reynolds Ross
reyns001	Reynolds Shane
reynt101	Reynolds Tommie
reyna001	Reynoso Armando
rhawr101	Rhawn Bobby
rheac101	Rheam Cy
rheij001	Rheinecker John
rhemf101	Rhem Flint
rhieb101	Rhiel Billy
rhinb101	Rhines Billy
rhoab101	Rhoads Bob
rhodr001	Rhoden Rick
rhoda001	Rhodes Arthur
rhodc101	Rhodes Charlie
rhodd101	Rhodes Dusty
rhode901	Rhodes Eugene
rhodg101	Rhodes Gordon
rhodk001	Rhodes Tuffy
rhomk001	Rhomberg Kevin
rhymw001	Rhymes Will
rhynh101	Rhyne Hal
ribad101	Ribant Dennis
riccf101	Riccelli Frank
riccc001	Ricci Chuck
riccd901	Riccio Dennis
riccl901	Riccio Len
riceu901	Rice 
riceb101	Rice Bob
riceb901	Rice Bob
riced101	Rice Del
riceh102	Rice Hal
riceh101	Rice Harry
ricej001	Rice Jim
ricej901	Rice John
ricel101	Rice Len
ricep001	Rice Pat
rices101	Rice Sam
rices001	Rice Scott
richw101	Rich Woody
richd001	Richar Danny
richc001	Richard Chris
richc002	Richard Clayton
richj101	Richard J.R.
richl101	Richard Lee
richd102	Richards Duane
richf101	Richards Fred
richg002	Richards Garrett
richg001	Richards Gene
richj901	Richards J.M.
richp101	Richards Paul
richr002	Richards Rusty
richu101	Richardson 
richa001	Richardson Antoan
richb103	Richardson Bill
richb102	Richardson Bobby
richd101	Richardson Danny
richd002	Richardson Dustin
richg101	Richardson Gordie
richh101	Richardson Hardy
richj103	Richardson Jack
richj001	Richardson Jeff
richj002	Richardson Jeff
richk101	Richardson Ken
richk001	Richardson Kevin
richn101	Richardson Nolen
richt101	Richardson Tom
richm001	Richardt Mike
richl103	Richbourg Lance
richp102	Richert Pete
richl102	Richie Lew
richr001	Richie Rob
richb101	Richmond Beryl
richd103	Richmond Don
richj102	Richmond John
richl104	Richmond Lee
richr102	Richmond Ray
richs001	Richmond Scott
richa101	Richter Al
richj104	Richter John
richr101	Richter Reggie
rickj101	Rickert Joe
rickm101	Rickert Marv
rickd102	Ricketts Dave
rickd101	Ricketts Dick
rickb101	Rickey Branch
rickc101	Rickley Chris
rickj102	Ricks John
ricoa101	Rico Art
ricof101	Rico Fred
ricoh101	Riconda Harry
ridde101	Riddle Elmer
riddj102	Riddle John
riddj101	Riddle Johnny
riddd102	Riddleberger Denny
riddd101	Riddlemoser Dorsey
riddg801	Riddoch Greg
ridgj101	Ridgway Jack
ridgj001	Ridgway Jeff
ridzs101	Ridzik Steve
riebh101	Riebe Hank
riedj001	Riedling John
riefc001	Riefenhauser C.J.
riege101	Rieger Elmer
riekr901	Rieker Rich
riena001	Rienzo Andre
riesn001	Riesgo Nikco
rigbb001	Rigby Brad
rigdp001	Rigdon Paul
riggj001	Riggan Jerrod
riggs001	Riggans Shawn
riggj101	Riggert Joe
riggm801	Riggins Mark
riggm901	Riggins Mike
riggj801	Riggleman Jim
rigga001	Riggs Adam
riggl101	Riggs Lew
righd001	Righetti Dave
righr001	Rightnowar Ron
riglc901	Rigler Cy
rignb101	Rigney Bill
rignj101	Rigney Johnny
rignt101	Rigney Topper
rigoj801	Rigoli Joe
rijoj001	Rijo Jose
rikac101	Rikard Culley
rilee001	Riles Ernie
rileb101	Riley Billy
rileg001	Riley George
rilej102	Riley Jim
rilej101	Riley Jim
rilel101	Riley Lee
rilem001	Riley Matt
rinca101	Rincon Andy
rincj001	Rincon Juan
rincr001	Rincon Ricardo
rinej101	Rineer Jeff
ringj101	Ring Jimmy
ringr001	Ring Royce
ringf101	Ringo Frank
rinkb101	Rinker Bob
riosa002	Rios Alex
riosa001	Rios Armando
riosd001	Rios Danny
riosj101	Rios Juan
ripkb001	Ripken Billy
ripkc001	Ripken Cal
ripkc801	Ripken Cal
ripla101	Ripley Allen
riplw101	Ripley Walt
rippr101	Rippelmeyer Ray
rippm901	Ripperger Mark
rippc101	Ripple Charlie
rippj101	Ripple Jimmy
ripps901	Rippley Steve
risbs101	Risberg Swede
risip101	Rising Pop
riskd001	Riske David
rislb001	Risley Bill
ritcc101	Ritchey Claude
ritcf901	Ritchie F.
ritcg801	Ritchie Gregg
ritcj101	Ritchie Jay
ritct001	Ritchie Todd
ritcw001	Ritchie Wally
rittc101	Ritter Charlie
rittf101	Ritter Floyd
ritth101	Ritter Hank
rittl101	Ritter Lew
rittr001	Ritter Reggie
rittw101	Ritterson Whitey
rittj101	Rittwage Jim
ritzj101	Ritz Jim
ritzk001	Ritz Kevin
rival001	Rivas Luis
riveb001	Rivera Ben
riveb101	Rivera Bombo
rivec001	Rivera Carlos
riveg001	Rivera German
rivej101	Rivera Jim
rivej001	Rivera Juan
rivel001	Rivera Luis
rivel002	Rivera Luis
rivem002	Rivera Mariano
rivem003	Rivera Mike
river003	Rivera Rene
river001	Rivera Roberto
river002	Rivera Ruben
rives001	Rivera Saul
rivey001	Rivera Yadiel
rivec002	Rivero Carlos
rivef001	Rivero Felipe
rivem001	Rivers Mickey
rivit101	Riviere Tink
rixee101	Rixey Eppa
rizza001	Rizzo Anthony
rizzj101	Rizzo Johnny
rizzt001	Rizzo Todd
rizzp101	Rizzuto Phil
rleas001	Rleal Sendy
roa-j001	Roa Joe
roacd001	Roach Donn
roacj001	Roach Jason
roacj101	Roach John
roacm101	Roach Mel
roacm102	Roach Mike
roacr101	Roach Roxey
roacs101	Roach Skel
roart001	Roark Tanner
roarm101	Roarke Mike
roatf101	Roat Fred
robbj901	Robb John
robbs901	Robb Scotty
robbb101	Robbins Bruce
robbj001	Robbins Jake
robet101	Robello Tony
robeb001	Roberge Bert
robes101	Roberge Skippy
robec001	Roberson Chris
robek001	Roberson Kevin
robes001	Roberson Sid
robeb002	Roberts Bip
robeb003	Roberts Brian
robec102	Roberts Curt
robed107	Roberts Dale
robed108	Roberts Dave
robed101	Roberts Dave
robed102	Roberts Dave
robed001	Roberts Dave
robeg001	Roberts Grant
robej101	Roberts Jim
robek002	Roberts Ken
robel901	Roberts Lenny
robel001	Roberts Leon
robem801	Roberts Mel
rober103	Roberts Ray
rober104	Roberts Red
rober102	Roberts Robin
rober002	Roberts Ryan
robes103	Roberts Skipper
robew001	Roberts Willis
robea001	Robertson Andre
robeb101	Robertson Bob
robec101	Robertson Charlie
robec002	Robertson Connor
robed003	Robertson Daniel
robed105	Robertson Daryl
robed103	Robertson Dave
robed002	Robertson David
robed106	Robertson Dick
robed104	Robertson Don
robeg101	Robertson Gene
robej001	Robertson Jeriome
robej102	Robertson Jerry
robej103	Robertson Jim
robem001	Robertson Mike
roben001	Robertson Nate
rober101	Robertson Rich
rober001	Robertson Rich
robes102	Robertson Sherry
robet001	Robertson Tyler
robib001	Robidoux Billy Jo
robia101	Robinson Aaron
robib101	Robinson Bill
robib901	Robinson Bill
robib104	Robinson Brooks
robib102	Robinson Bruce
robic102	Robinson Charlie
robic002	Robinson Chris
robic001	Robinson Clint
robic101	Robinson Craig
robid102	Robinson Dave
robid002	Robinson Derrick
robid101	Robinson Dewey
robid001	Robinson Don
robie102	Robinson Earl
robie101	Robinson Eddie
robif102	Robinson Floyd
robif103	Robinson Frank
robif101	Robinson Fred
robih102	Robinson Hank
robih101	Robinson Humberto
robij102	Robinson Jack
robij101	Robinson Jack
robij103	Robinson Jackie
robij001	Robinson Jeff
robij002	Robinson Jeff
robik001	Robinson Ken
robik002	Robinson Kerry
robir101	Robinson Rabbit
robir001	Robinson Ron
robis001	Robinson Shane
robis802	Robinson Sheriff
robit001	Robinson Trayvon
robiv101	Robinson Val
robiw101	Robinson Wilbert
robiy101	Robinson Yank
robis801	Robison Stan
robic103	Robitaille Chick
roblh001	Robles Hansel
roblm001	Robles Mauricio
roblo001	Robles Oscar
roblr101	Robles Rafael
robls101	Robles Sergio
robst101	Robson Tom
rocaa101	Rocap Adam
roccm101	Rocco Mickey
rocha101	Roche Armando
rochj101	Roche Jack
rochb101	Rochefort Ben
rochl101	Rochelli Lou
rochm001	Rochford Mike
rockl101	Rock Les
rocki101	Rockenfield Ike
rockj001	Rocker John
rockp101	Rockett Pat
rodar001	Rodas Rich
rodga101	Rodgers Andre
rodgb103	Rodgers Bill
rodgb101	Rodgers Bill
rodgb102	Rodgers Buck
rodie101	Rodin Eric
rodnf001	Rodney Fernando
rodoc001	Rodon Carlos
rodra001	Rodriguez Alex
rodra002	Rodriguez Aneury
rodra901	Rodriguez Armando
rodra101	Rodriguez Aurelio
rodrc001	Rodriguez Carlos
rodre801	Rodriguez Eddie
rodre002	Rodriguez Eddy
rodre003	Rodriguez Eddy
rodre102	Rodriguez Eduardo
rodre004	Rodriguez Eduardo
rodre001	Rodriguez Edwin
rodre101	Rodriguez Ellie
rodrf002	Rodriguez Felix
rodrf004	Rodriguez Fernando
rodrf003	Rodriguez Francisco
rodrf005	Rodriguez Francisco
rodrf001	Rodriguez Frankie
rodrf101	Rodriguez Freddy
rodrg002	Rodriguez Guilder
rodrg001	Rodriguez Guillermo
rodrg901	Rodriguez Gus
rodrh101	Rodriguez Hector
rodrh001	Rodriguez Henry
rodrh002	Rodriguez Henry
rodrh003	Rodriguez Henry
rodri001	Rodriguez Ivan
rodrj002	Rodriguez John
rodrj101	Rodriguez Jose
rodrj001	Rodriguez Jose
rodrj003	Rodriguez Josh
rodrl001	Rodriguez Liu
rodrl002	Rodriguez Luis
rodrn001	Rodriguez Nerio
rodrp001	Rodriguez Paco
rodrr006	Rodriguez Rafael
rodrr005	Rodriguez Ricardo
rodrr004	Rodriguez Rich
rodrr001	Rodriguez Rick
rodrr101	Rodriguez Roberto
rodrr003	Rodriguez Rosario
rodrr002	Rodriguez Ruben
rodrs002	Rodriguez Sean
rodrs001	Rodriguez Steve
rodrt001	Rodriguez Tony
rodrv001	Rodriguez Vic
rodrw002	Rodriguez Wandy
rodrw001	Rodriguez Wilfredo
rodrw003	Rodriguez Wilking
rodry001	Rodriguez Yorman
roe-c001	Roe Chaz
roe-c101	Roe Clay
roe-p101	Roe Preacher
roe-r901	Roe Rocky
roebe101	Roebuck Ed
roeng001	Roenicke Gary
roenj001	Roenicke Josh
roenr001	Roenicke Ron
roesm001	Roesler Mike
roesb901	Roesner Bob
roesp801	Roessler Pat
roeto101	Roettger Oscar
roetw101	Roettger Wally
roete101	Roetz Ed
rogaj101	Rogalski Joe
rogeb102	Rogell Billy
rogeb001	Rogers Brian
rogeb101	Rogers Buck
rogee001	Rogers Eddie
rogee101	Rogers Emmett
rogee002	Rogers Esmil
rogef101	Rogers Fraley
rogeg901	Rogers George
rogej002	Rogers Jason
rogej101	Rogers Jay
rogej102	Rogers Jim
rogej001	Rogers Jimmy
rogek001	Rogers Kenny
rogek002	Rogers Kevin
rogel101	Rogers Lee
rogem001	Rogers Mark
rogem901	Rogers Mort
rogep101	Rogers Packy
roges001	Rogers Steve
roget101	Rogers Tom
roggc101	Rogge Clint
roggg101	Roggenburk Garry
rogom101	Rogodzinski Mike
rogos101	Rogovin Saul
rohdd001	Rohde Dave
roheg101	Rohe George
rohlr001	Rohlinger Ryan
rohnd001	Rohn Dan
rohrb101	Rohr Billy
rohrl101	Rohr Les
rohrd001	Rohrmeier Dan
rohwr101	Rohwer Ray
roigt101	Roig Tony
rojac101	Rojas Cookie
rojae801	Rojas Euky
rojam001	Rojas Mel
rojam002	Rojas Miguel
rojam801	Rojas Mike
rojam101	Rojas Minnie
rojes101	Rojek Stan
rolaj101	Roland Jim
roles001	Rolen Scott
rolfr101	Rolfe Red
rolin001	Rolison Nate
rollu901	Roll 
rollr102	Rolling Ray
rollr103	Rollings Red
rolld002	Rollins David
rollj001	Rollins Jimmy
rollr101	Rollins Rich
rollw101	Rollinson Bill
rolld001	Rolls Damian
romaj003	Romak Jamie
romab101	Roman Bill
romaj001	Roman Jose
romar001	Romanick Ron
romaj002	Romano Jason
romaj102	Romano Jim
romaj101	Romano John
romam001	Romano Mike
romat001	Romano Tom
rombd101	Romberger Dutch
romea001	Romero Alex
romed001	Romero Davis
romee001	Romero Ed
romee002	Romero Enny
romej001	Romero J.C.
romem001	Romero Mandy
romen001	Romero Niuman
romer001	Romero Ramon
romer002	Romero Ricky
romes001	Romero Stefen
romia001	Romine Andrew
romia002	Romine Austin
romik001	Romine Kevin
romme101	Rommel Eddie
romoe101	Romo Enrique
romos001	Romo Sergio
romov101	Romo Vicente
romoj101	Romonosky John
ronam001	Ronan Marc
rondh101	Rondeau Henri
rondb001	Rondon Bruce
rondg101	Rondon Gil
rondh001	Rondon Hector
rondj001	Rondon Jorge
ronem001	Roney Matt
roofg101	Roof Gene
roofp101	Roof Phil
rookj101	Rooker Jim
rookg101	Rooks George
roomr001	Roomes Rolando
roonf101	Rooney Frank
roonp101	Rooney Pat
rootc101	Root Charlie
ropej001	Roper John
roquj101	Roque Jorge
roqur001	Roque Rafael
rosac001	Rosa Carlos
rosaj001	Rosado Jose
rosal101	Rosado Luis
rosaa001	Rosales Adam
rosal001	Rosales Leo
rosab101	Rosar Buddy
rosae001	Rosario Eddie
rosaf001	Rosario Francisco
rosaj101	Rosario Jimmy
rosam001	Rosario Melvin
rosar001	Rosario Rodrigo
rosas001	Rosario Sandy
rosas101	Rosario Santiago
rosav001	Rosario Victor
rosaw001	Rosario Wilin
roseb001	Rose Bobby
roseb002	Rose Brian
rosec102	Rose Chuck
rosed102	Rose Don
rosem001	Rose Mike
rosep001	Rose Pete
rosep002	Rose Pete
rosej101	Roseboro John
rosez101	Rosebraugh Rosie
roseb102	Roselli Bob
rosed101	Rosello Dave
rosec101	Roseman Chief
rosea101	Rosen Al
roseg101	Rosen Goody
roseg801	Rosenbaum Glen
roseb003	Rosenberg B.J.
roseh101	Rosenberg Harry
rosel102	Rosenberg Lou
roses001	Rosenberg Steve
roseb901	Rosenberry Bill
rosem101	Rosenfeld Max
rosel101	Rosenthal Larry
roses102	Rosenthal Sy
roset001	Rosenthal Trevor
rosew001	Rosenthal Wayne
roseb101	Roser Bunny
roses101	Roser Steve
rosis001	Rosin Seth
roskj001	Roskos John
rossb101	Ross Bob
rossb102	Ross Buck
rossb103	Ross Buster
rossc103	Ross Chet
rossc102	Ross Cliff
rossc001	Ross Cody
rossd001	Ross David
rossd101	Ross Don
rosse101	Ross Ernie
rossg102	Ross Gary
rossg101	Ross George
rossj002	Ross Joe
rossm001	Ross Mark
rossr002	Ross Robbie
rossr901	Ross Robert
rosst001	Ross Tyson
rossz001	Rosscup Zac
rossj001	Rosselli Joe
rossj101	Rossi Joe
rossc101	Rossman Claude
rossf101	Rosso Frank
rossr001	Rossy Rico
rotbm101	Rotblatt Marv
rhodb101	Rotes Bill
rothb102	Roth Braggo
rothf101	Roth Frank
rothm001	Roth Michael
rothr901	Roth Roy
rothb103	Rothel Bob
rothb101	Rothermel Bobby
rothj102	Rothfuss Jack
rothc101	Rothgeb Claude
rothj101	Rothrock Jack
rothl101	Rothschild Larry
rottv001	Rottino Vinny
roung101	Rounsaville Gene
rounh901	Rountree Hank
rousm001	Rouse Mike
rouse101	Roush Edd
routp101	Routcliffe Phil
rowad101	Rowan Dave
rowaj101	Rowan Jack
rowaa001	Rowand Aaron
rowdw001	Rowdon Wade
rowed102	Rowe Dave
rowed101	Rowe Don
roweh101	Rowe Harland
rowej101	Rowe Jack
rowek101	Rowe Ken
rower801	Rowe Ralph
rowes101	Rowe Schoolboy
roweb101	Rowell Bama
roweb001	Rowen Ben
rowee101	Rowen Ed
rowlc101	Rowland Chuck
rowlm101	Rowland Mike
rowlp801	Rowland Pants
rowlr001	Rowland Rich
rowlr002	Rowland-Smith Ryan
rowsj801	Rowson James
roxbj101	Roxburgh Jim
roy-c101	Roy Charlie
roy-e101	Roy Emil
roy-j101	Roy Jean-Pierre
roy-l101	Roy Luther
roy-n101	Roy Normie
royes001	Royer Stan
roysj001	Royster Jerry
roysw101	Royster Willie
rozed101	Rozek Dick
rozed001	Rozema Dave
roznv101	Roznovsky Vic
rua-r001	Rua Ryan
ruanw001	Ruan Wilkin
rubea101	Rubeling Al
rubes101	Ruberto Sonny
rubij101	Rubio Jorge
rubla101	Ruble Art
rucid001	Rucinski Drew
ruckd001	Rucker Dave
ruckj101	Rucker Johnny
ruckn101	Rucker Nap
ruddf901	Rudderham Frank
ruddj101	Rudderham John
rudij101	Rudi Joe
rudod101	Rudolph Dick
rudod103	Rudolph Don
rudod102	Rudolph Dutch
rudoe101	Rudolph Ernie
rudok101	Rudolph Ken
rue-j901	Rue Joe
ruebm001	Ruebel Matt
ruelm101	Ruel Muddy
ruetk001	Rueter Kirk
ruetd101	Ruether Dutch
ruf-d001	Ruf Darin
rufer101	Rufer Rudy
ruffs001	Ruffcorn Scott
ruffb001	Ruffin Bruce
ruffc001	Ruffin Chance
ruffj001	Ruffin Johnny
ruffr101	Ruffing Red
ruggj001	Ruggiano Justin
ruhlg901	Ruhl Gus
ruhlv001	Ruhle Vern
ruizc001	Ruiz Carlos
ruizc102	Ruiz Chico
ruizc101	Ruiz Chico
ruizr001	Ruiz Randy
rullj101	Rullo Joe
rumbn001	Rumbelow NIck
rumlw101	Rumler William
runcd901	Runchey Dick
rundr001	Rundles Rich
rungb901	Runge Brian
runge901	Runge Ed
rungp901	Runge Paul
rungp001	Runge Paul
runnt001	Runnells Tom
runnp101	Runnels Pete
runys001	Runyan Sean
runzd001	Runzler Dan
rupej001	Rupe Josh
ruper001	Rupe Ryan
ruppc001	Rupp Cameron
ruscg001	Rusch Glendon
rusha101	Rush Andy
rushb101	Rush Bob
rushj001	Rushford Jim
rusia101	Rusie Amos
rusic001	Rusin Chris
rusks001	Ruskin Scott
russj104	Russ John
russa001	Russell Adam
russa002	Russell Addison
russa101	Russell Allen
russb001	Russell Bill
russh101	Russell Harvey
russj103	Russell Jack
russj003	Russell James
russj001	Russell Jeff
russj102	Russell Jim
russj101	Russell John
russj002	Russell John
russl101	Russell Lefty
russl102	Russell Lloyd
russp101	Russell Paul
russr102	Russell Reb
russr101	Russell Rip
russk001	Russo Kevin
russm101	Russo Marius
rustd101	Rusteck Dick
ruszh101	Ruszkowski Hank
ruthb101	Ruth Babe
ruthj102	Rutherford Jim
ruthj101	Rutherford Johnny
ruthd001	Ruthven Dick
rutlj001	Rutledge Josh
rutnm101	Rutner Mickey
ryalm001	Ryal Mark
ryalr001	Ryal Rusty
ryanb001	Ryan B.J.
ryanb101	Ryan Blondy
ryanb002	Ryan Brendan
ryanb102	Ryan Buddy
ryanc102	Ryan Connie
ryanc101	Ryan Cyclone
ryand001	Ryan Dusty
ryanj103	Ryan Jack
ryanj102	Ryan Jack
ryanj104	Ryan Jack
ryanj001	Ryan Jason
ryanj105	Ryan Jimmy
ryanj101	Ryan John
ryanj106	Ryan Johnny
ryank001	Ryan Ken
ryank002	Ryan Kyle
ryanm102	Ryan Mike
ryanm101	Ryan Mike
ryanm001	Ryan Mike
ryann001	Ryan Nolan
ryanw901	Ryan Red
ryanr001	Ryan Rob
ryanr101	Ryan Rosy
rybam101	Ryba Mike
rybes901	Ryberg Cy
rydet101	Ryder Tom
rye-g101	Rye Gene
ryerg101	Ryerson Gary
ryu-h001	Ryu Hyun-Jin
ryu-j001	Ryu Jae Kuk
rzepm001	Rzepczynski Marc
saark001	Saarloos Kirk
sabac001	Sabathia CC
sabee001	Sabel Erik
sabeb001	Saberhagen Bret
saboa101	Sabo Alex
saboc001	Sabo Chris
saccm001	Saccomanno Mark
sackf101	Sacka Frank
sackb001	Sackinsky Brian
sader101	Sadecki Ray
sadem101	Sadek Mike
sadlb001	Sadler Billy
sadlc001	Sadler Carl
sadlc002	Sadler Casey
sadld001	Sadler Donnie
sadlr001	Sadler Ray
sadob101	Sadowski Bob
sadob102	Sadowski Bob
sadoe101	Sadowski Ed
sadoj101	Sadowski Jim
sador001	Sadowski Ryan
sadot101	Sadowski Ted
saenc001	Saenz Chris
saeno001	Saenz Olmedo
safft101	Saffell Tom
sageh101	Sage Harry
sagea001	Sager A.J.
sagep101	Sager Pony
sagmm001	Sagmoen Marc
saiev101	Saier Vic
sainj101	Sain Johnny
saipm001	Saipe Mike
saitt001	Saito Takashi
sakal001	Sakata Lenn
salat001	Saladino Tyler
salaf001	Salas Fernando
salaj001	Salas Juan
salam002	Salas Marino
salam001	Salas Mark
salaa001	Salazar Angel
salad001	Salazar Danny
salaj002	Salazar Jeff
salal001	Salazar Luis
salao001	Salazar Oscar
salec001	Sale Chris
salef101	Sale Freddy
salea901	Salerno Al
salee101	Sales Ed
salih101	Salisbury Harry
salis101	Salisbury Solly
salkb101	Salkeld Bill
salkr001	Salkeld Roger
salls101	Sallee Slim
salmb001	Salmon Brad
salmc101	Salmon Chico
salmr101	Salmon Roger
salmt001	Salmon Tim
saloa001	Salome Angel
saltj001	Saltalamacchia Jarrod
saltj101	Saltzgaver Jack
salvg101	Salve Gus
salvj101	Salveson Jack
salvm101	Salvo Manny
samaj001	Samardzija Jeff
sambj001	Sambito Joe
samce101	Samcoff Ed
samfr101	Samford Ron
sammc001	Sammons Clint
sampb002	Sampen Bill
sampb001	Sample Billy
sampb003	Sampson Benj
sampc001	Sampson Chris
sampk001	Sampson Keyvius
samua101	Samuel Amado
samuj001	Samuel Juan
samui101	Samuels Ike
samuj901	Samuels Jack
samuj101	Samuels Joe
samur001	Samuels Roger
sanaa001	Sanabia Alex
sancb001	Sanches Brian
sanca006	Sanchez Aaron
sanca001	Sanchez Alejandro
sanca002	Sanchez Alex
sanca003	Sanchez Alex
sanca005	Sanchez Angel
sanca004	Sanchez Anibal
sancc001	Sanchez Carlos
sancc101	Sanchez Celerino
sancd001	Sanchez Duaner
sance001	Sanchez Eduardo
sancf002	Sanchez Felix
sancf001	Sanchez Freddy
sancg001	Sanchez Gaby
sancg002	Sanchez Gary
sanch002	Sanchez Hector
sanch001	Sanchez Humberto
sanci001	Sanchez Israel
sancj001	Sanchez Jesus
sancj002	Sanchez Jonathan
sancl001	Sanchez Luis
sanco001	Sanchez Orlando
sancr101	Sanchez Raul
sancr001	Sanchez Rey
sancr002	Sanchez Romulo
sanct001	Sanchez Tony
sandh101	Sand Heinie
sanbg101	Sandberg Gus
sandj001	Sandberg Jared
sandr001	Sandberg Ryne
sanda001	Sanders Anthony
sandb101	Sanders Ben
sandd002	Sanders David
sandd101	Sanders Dee
sandd001	Sanders Deion
sandj101	Sanders John
sandk101	Sanders Ken
sandr102	Sanders Ray
sandr103	Sanders Reggie
sandr002	Sanders Reggie
sandr104	Sanders Roy
sandr101	Sanders Roy
sands002	Sanders Scott
sandw101	Sanders War
sands001	Sanderson Scott
sandm101	Sandlock Mike
sandd003	Sandoval Danny
sandf001	Sandoval Freddy
sandp001	Sandoval Pablo
sandc101	Sands Charlie
sandj002	Sands Jerry
sandt101	Sandt Tommy
sanfc001	Sanford Chance
sanff101	Sanford Fred
sanfj102	Sanford Jack
sanfj101	Sanford Jack
sanfm001	Sanford Mo
sangm101	Sanguillen Manny
sanie101	Sanicki Ed
sania001	Sanit Amauri
sankb101	Sankey Ben
sanom001	Sano Miguel
santa001	Santana Andres
santc002	Santana Carlos
santd001	Santana Danny
santd002	Santana Domingo
sante001	Santana Ervin
santj003	Santana Johan
santj001	Santana Julio
santm001	Santana Marino
santp001	Santana Pedro
santr001	Santana Rafael
santf001	Santangelo F.P.
santb001	Santiago Benito
santh001	Santiago Hector
santj102	Santiago Jose
santj101	Santiago Jose
santj002	Santiago Jose
santr002	Santiago Ramon
santr102	Santo Ron
santr101	Santo Domingo Rafael
santa101	Santorini Al
santa002	Santos Angel
santc001	Santos Chad
santf002	Santos Francisco
santo001	Santos Omir
sants001	Santos Sergio
santv001	Santos Victor
santn001	Santovenia Nelson
sante101	Santry Edward
sappd001	Sappelt Dave
sarbm801	Sarbaugh Mike
sardl001	Sardinas Luis
sardb001	Sardinha Bronson
sardd001	Sardinha Dane
sarfd001	Sarfate Dennis
sargj101	Sargent Joe
sarmm101	Sarmiento Manny
sarnb101	Sarni Bill
sasak001	Sasaki Kazuhiro
sassm001	Sasser Mackey
sassr001	Sasser Rob
satcd901	Satchell Darold
satij001	Satin Josh
satrt101	Satriano Tom
satul001	Saturria Luis
saucf101	Saucier Frank
sauck101	Saucier Kevin
sauee101	Sauer Ed
saueh101	Sauer Hank
saues001	Sauerbeck Scott
saulj801	Saul Jim
saund101	Saunders Dennis
saund001	Saunders Doug
saunj001	Saunders Joe
saunm001	Saunders Michael
saunr101	Saunders Rusty
saunt001	Saunders Tony
sauta101	Sauter Al
sauvr001	Sauveur Rich
savab101	Savage Bob
savad101	Savage Don
savaj001	Savage Jack
savaj101	Savage Jimmie
savat101	Savage Ted
saveb101	Saverine Bob
savej001	Savery Joe
savid101	Savidge Don
savir101	Savidge Ralph
savrm101	Savransky Moe
sawac101	Sawatski Carl
sawcj901	Sawchuk Joe
sawyc101	Sawyer Carl
sawyd901	Sawyer Dent
sawye801	Sawyer Eddie
sawyr101	Sawyer Rick
sawyw101	Sawyer Will
sax-d001	Sax Dave
sax-o101	Sax Ollie
sax-s001	Sax Steve
say-j101	Say Jimmy
say-l101	Say Lou
saylb101	Sayles Bill
saylp101	Saylor Phil
sborj001	Sborz Jay
scahr001	Scahill Rob
scalj102	Scala Jerry
scalb001	Scales Bobby
scalj101	Scalzi Johnny
scals101	Scalzi Skeeter
scanb001	Scanlan Bob
scand101	Scanlan Doc
scanf101	Scanlan Frank
scanm101	Scanlan Mort
scanm801	Scanlon Mike
scanp103	Scanlon Pat
scanp102	Scanlon Pat
scanp101	Scantlebury Pat
scarr101	Scarbery Randy
scarr102	Scarborough Ray
scarm101	Scarce Mac
scarr103	Scarritt Russ
scarl101	Scarsella Les
scars001	Scarsone Steve
schaf901	Schaaf Fred
schap101	Schaal Paul
schaa101	Schacht Al
schas101	Schacht Sid
schah103	Schacker Hal
schab801	Schaefer Bob
schag101	Schaefer Germany
schaj001	Schaefer Jeff
schah102	Schaeffer Harry
scham101	Schaeffer Mark
schah101	Schafer Harry
schaj002	Schafer Jordan
schal001	Schafer Logan
schaj104	Schaffer Jimmie
schaj105	Schaffernoth Joe
schaj102	Schaive Johnny
schar103	Schalk Ray
schar102	Schalk Roy
schag001	Schall Gene
schab103	Schaller Biff
schac901	Schaller Cliff
schaa102	Schallock Art
schaj901	Schaly Jim
schab101	Schang Bobby
schaw101	Schang Wally
schac101	Schanz Charley
schaj103	Schappert John
schab102	Schardt Bill
schaa103	Scharein Art
schag102	Scharein George
schan101	Scharf Nick
schaj101	Schattinger Jeff
schad001	Schatzeder Dan
schar101	Schauer Rube
sches001	Schebler Scott
schea901	Scheel Al
schea102	Scheer Al
scheh101	Scheer Heinie
schef104	Scheeren Fritz
scheo101	Scheetz Owen
schea001	Scheffer Aaron
scheb101	Scheffing Bob
schet101	Scheffler Ted
schel101	Schegg Lefty
schec101	Scheib Carl
schef101	Scheibeck Frank
schej104	Scheible Jack
scher001	Scheid Rich
scher101	Scheinblum Richie
sched102	Schell Danny
schej101	Schelle Jim
schea101	Schellhase Al
schef103	Schemanske Fred
schem101	Schemer Mike
scheb103	Schenck Bill
schej103	Scheneberg John
scheh103	Schenz Hank
schej102	Schepner Joe
schet001	Scheppers Tanner
scheb102	Scherbarth Bob
scheh102	Scherer Harry
scheg801	Scherger George
schef102	Scherman Fred
scheb001	Scherrer Bill
schem001	Scherzer Max
schel102	Schettler Lou
scheg901	Scheu Gus
sches901	Scheurwater Stu
schil101	Schiappacasse Lou
schim101	Schick Morrie
schin001	Schierholtz Nate
schic101	Schilling Chuck
schic002	Schilling Curt
schir101	Schillings Red
schib101	Schindler Bill
schic001	Schiraldi Calvin
schid101	Schirick Dutch
schid901	Schirmer Don
schll101	Schlafly Larry
schla101	Schlei Admiral
schld001	Schlereth Daniel
schlr101	Schlesinger Bill
schlj901	Schleyer John
schlt001	Schlichting Travis
schld101	Schliebner Dutch
schlb001	Schlitter Brian
schlb101	Schlitzer Biff
schlg001	Schlosser Gus
schlj101	Schlueter JayD
schln101	Schlueter Norm
schmb001	Schmack Brian
schmr101	Schmandt Ray
schmg101	Schmees George
schma101	Schmelz Al
schmg801	Schmelz Gus
schmb101	Schmidt Bob
schmb102	Schmidt Boss
schmb103	Schmidt Butch
schmc001	Schmidt Curt
schmd101	Schmidt Dave F.
schmd001	Schmidt Dave J.
schmf101	Schmidt Freddy
schmh101	Schmidt Henry
schmj001	Schmidt Jason
schmj002	Schmidt Jeff
schmk001	Schmidt Konrad
schmm001	Schmidt Mike
schmp101	Schmidt Pete
schmw102	Schmidt Walter
schmw101	Schmidt Willard
schmc101	Schmit Crazy
schmj101	Schmitz Johnny
schms001	Schmoll Steve
schmh102	Schmulbach Hank
schmc102	Schmutz Charlie
schnd102	Schneck Dave
schnf101	Schneiberg Frank
schnb001	Schneider Brian
schnd101	Schneider Dan
schnj101	Schneider Jeff
schnp101	Schneider Pete
schnk101	Schnell Karl
schog102	Schoen Gerry
schor101	Schoendienst Red
schoj102	Schoeneck Jumbo
schos001	Schoeneweis Scott
schod101	Schofield Dick
schod001	Schofield Dick
schoo101	Schomberg Otto
schom001	Schooler Mike
schoj101	Schoonmaker Jerry
schoj001	Schoop Jonathan
schoe101	Schorr Ed
schog101	Schott Gene
schop001	Schourek Pete
schrl901	Schrader Louis
schrp103	Schramka Paul
schrj901	Schratz Joe
schro101	Schrecongost Osee
schrb101	Schreiber Barney
schrh101	Schreiber Hank
schrp102	Schreiber Paul
schrt101	Schreiber Ted
schrs001	Schrenk Steve
schrp901	Schrieber Paul
schrp101	Schriver Pop
schrb102	Schroder Bob
schrc001	Schroder Chris
schrb001	Schroeder Bill
schrb901	Schroeder Bob
schra101	Schroll Al
schrk001	Schrom Ken
schur001	Schu Rick
schuh105	Schuble Heinie
schur101	Schueler Ron
schuj901	Schuester John
schua001	Schugel A.J.
schud002	Schuler Dave
schue001	Schullstrom Erik
schuw101	Schulmerich Wes
schua101	Schult Art
schud901	Schulte Don
schuf103	Schulte Frank
schuf101	Schulte Fred
schuh104	Schulte Ham
schuj105	Schulte Jack
schuj106	Schulte Johnny
schul101	Schulte Len
schub101	Schultz Barney
schub001	Schultz Bo
schub103	Schultz Bob
schub104	Schultz Buddy
schuh101	Schultz Howie
schuj101	Schultz Joe
schuj103	Schultz Joe
schuj102	Schultz John
schum101	Schultz Mike
schum001	Schultz Mike
schuw104	Schultz Webb
schua102	Schulz Al
schuj001	Schulz Jeff
schuw103	Schulz Walt
schud001	Schulze Don
schuj104	Schulze John
schuh103	Schumacher Hal
schus001	Schumaker Skip
schuh102	Schumann Hack
schuf102	Schupp Ferdie
schuw102	Schurr Wayne
sched101	Schussler Dutch
schub102	Schuster Bill
schuc001	Schutz Carl
schwm001	Schwabe Mike
schwd101	Schwall Don
schwb104	Schwamb Blackie
schwk001	Schwarber Kyle
schwh901	Schwarts Harry
schwb103	Schwartz Bill
schwb102	Schwartz Bill
schwr101	Schwartz Randy
schwh902	Schwarz Hank
schwj001	Schwarz Jeff
schwa102	Schweitzer Al
schwr102	Schwenck Rudy
schwh101	Schwenk Hal
schwp101	Schwert Pi
schwm002	Schwimer Michael
schwa101	Schwind Art
schwc001	Schwinden Chris
schyj101	Schypinski Jerry
sciom001	Scioscia Mike
scofl101	Scoffic Lou
scofj901	Scofield John
scogj101	Scoggins Jim
scond001	Sconiers Daryl
scorh101	Score Herb
scotu101	Scott 
scotd901	Scott Dale
scotd003	Scott Darryl
scotd101	Scott Dick
scotd102	Scott Dick
scotd002	Scott Dick
scotd001	Scott Donnie
scote102	Scott Ed
scote101	Scott Everett
scotg001	Scott Gary
scotg101	Scott George
scotg102	Scott George
scotj101	Scott Jack
scotj104	Scott Jim
scotj103	Scott Jim
scotj901	Scott Jim
scotj102	Scott John
scotl101	Scott Lefty
scotl102	Scott LeGrant
scotl001	Scott Luke
scotm101	Scott Mickey
scotm001	Scott Mike
scotm102	Scott Milt
scotp101	Scott Pete
scotr101	Scott Rodney
scott002	Scott Tim
scott001	Scott Tony
scraj001	Scranton Jim
scrie001	Scribner Evan
scric101	Scrivener Chuck
scrut001	Scruggs Tony
scrux001	Scruggs Xavier
scuds001	Scudder Scott
scurr001	Scurry Rod
scutm001	Scutaro Marco
seabs001	Seabol Scott
seagc001	Seager Corey
seagk001	Seager Kyle
sealj101	Seale Johnnie
seamk101	Seaman Kim
seanr001	Seanez Rudy
searr001	Searage Ray
sears001	Searcy Steve
searj901	Sears John
seark101	Sears Ken
seart001	Sears Todd
searz901	Sears Ziggy
seatt102	Seaton Tom
seatt101	Seats Tom
seavt001	Seaver Tom
seayb001	Seay Bobby
sebrb001	Sebra Bob
sebrj101	Sebring Jimmy
sechd101	Sechrist Doc
secof101	Secory Frank
secrd101	Secrist Don
sedae801	Sedar Ed
seddc001	Seddon Chris
sedgd101	Sedgwick Duke
sedls001	Sedlacek Shawn
see-c101	See Charlie
see-l001	See Larry
seedb101	Seeds Bob
seelc001	Seelbach Chris
seelc101	Seelbach Chuck
seerp101	Seerey Pat
seere101	Seery Emmett
sefck001	Sefcik Kevin
segac901	Segal Chris
segeh101	Segelke Herman
segoz001	Segovia Zack
segrk101	Segrist Kal
segud001	Segui David
segud101	Segui Diego
seguf001	Seguignol Fernando
seguj002	Segura Jean
seguj001	Segura Jose
seibp001	Seibel Phil
seibk101	Seibert Kurt
seibs101	Seibold Socks
seilr101	Seilheimer Ricky
seitk001	Seitzer Kevin
selbk101	Selbach Kip
selbb001	Selby Bill
selea001	Sele Aaron
selef801	Selee Frank
selft001	Self Todd
selkg101	Selkirk George
selle101	Sell Epp
sellj001	Sellers Jeff
sellj002	Sellers Justin
sellr101	Sellers Rube
selmf101	Sellman Frank
selld101	Sells Dave
selmd101	Selma Dick
selpc101	Selph Carey
sembm101	Sember Mike
sembc101	Sembera Carroll
semim001	Semien Marcus
semif001	Seminara Frank
semia101	Seminick Andy
sempr101	Semproch Ray
senes101	Senerchia Sonny
sensc101	Sensenderfer Count
sentp101	Sentell Paul
sents101	Senteney Steve
seo-j001	Seo Jae Weong
seoam101	Seoane Manny
sepkt101	Sepkowski Ted
septl001	Septimo Leyson
serab101	Serad Billy
serad001	Serafini Dan
sereb101	Serena Bill
sernp101	Serna Paul
serra001	Serrano Alex
serrj001	Serrano Jimmy
serrw001	Serrano Wascar
serug101	Serum Gary
servs002	Servais Scott
servs001	Service Scott
sessw101	Sessi Walter
settm101	Settlemire Merle
sevcj101	Sevcik John
seveh101	Severeid Hank
sevea001	Severino Atahualpa
sevel001	Severino Luis
sevep001	Severino Pedro
sevea101	Severinsen Al
sever101	Severson Rich
sewae101	Seward Ed
sewaf101	Seward Frank
sewag101	Seward George
sewej101	Sewell Joe
sewel101	Sewell Luke
sewer101	Sewell Rip
sewet101	Sewell Tommy
sexae101	Sexauer Elmer
sexsr001	Sexson Richie
sextc001	Sexton Chris
sextf101	Sexton Frank
sextj101	Sexton Jimmy
sextt101	Sexton Tom
seybs101	Seybold Socks
seyfg101	Seyfried Gordon
seymc101	Seymour Cy
seymj101	Seymour Jake
shaba001	Shabala Adam
shacb001	Shackelford Brian
shafo101	Shafer Orator
shafr101	Shafer Ralph
shaft101	Shafer Taylor
shaft102	Shafer Tillie
shafu101	Shaffer 
shafj101	Shaffer John
shafr001	Shaffer Richie
shalg101	Shallix Gus
shama101	Shamsky Art
shanw102	Shanabrook Warren
shang101	Shanahan Greg
shanw103	Shaner Wally
shanh102	Shank Harvey
shanh101	Shanks Howie
shand102	Shanley Doc
shanj101	Shanley Jim
shanb103	Shanner Bill
shand101	Shannon Dan
shanf101	Shannon Frank
shanj102	Shannon Joe
shanm101	Shannon Mike
shano101	Shannon Owen
shanr101	Shannon Red
shans101	Shannon Spike
shanw101	Shannon Wally
shanb101	Shantz Billy
shanb102	Shantz Bobby
sharm901	Sharkey Mick
sharr101	Sharman Ralph
shard101	Sharon Dick
sharb102	Sharp Bill
sharb901	Sharp Bob
sharb101	Sharpe Bud
sharm001	Sharperson Mike
sharj001	Sharpless Josh
sharg101	Sharrott George
sharj101	Sharrott Jack
sharb801	Sharsig Bill
shaus101	Shaughnessy Shag
shauj101	Shaute Joe
shavj002	Shave Jon
shavj001	Shaver Jeff
shawa101	Shaw Al
shawa102	Shaw Al
shawb101	Shaw Ben
shawb103	Shaw Bob
shawb001	Shaw Bryan
shawd102	Shaw Don
shawd901	Shaw Duane
shawd101	Shaw Dupee
shawh101	Shaw Hunky
shawj001	Shaw Jeff
shawj101	Shaw Jim
shaws101	Shaw Sam
shawt001	Shaw Travis
shawb102	Shawkey Bob
shayd101	Shay Danny
shaym101	Shay Marty
sheag101	Shea Gerry
sheaj102	Shea John
sheam102	Shea Merv
sheam101	Shea Mike
shean101	Shea Nap
shear102	Shea Red
sheas101	Shea Spec
sheas102	Shea Steve
shead001	Sheaffer Danny
sheaa101	Shealy Al
shear001	Shealy Ryan
shead101	Shean Dave
shear101	Shearer Ray
sheat001	Shearn Tom
sheaj101	Shearon John
sheag102	Shears George
shaeu901	Sheasgreen Jim
shecj101	Sheckard Jimmy
sheeb102	Sheehan Biff
sheed101	Sheehan Dan
sheej101	Sheehan Jack
sheej102	Sheehan Jim
sheet102	Sheehan Tom
sheet101	Sheehan Tommy
sheeb101	Sheely Bud
sheee101	Sheely Earl
sheec101	Sheerin Chuck
sheea001	Sheets Andy
sheeb001	Sheets Ben
sheel001	Sheets Larry
shefg001	Sheffield Gary
shelj001	Shelby John
shelb101	Sheldon Bob
shelr101	Sheldon Rollie
shels001	Sheldon Scott
shels002	Shell Steven
shelf101	Shellenback Frank
shelj101	Shellenback Jim
shelh101	Shelley Hugh
shelb001	Shelton Ben
shelc001	Shelton Chris
sheld801	Shelton Derek
shels101	Shelton Skeeter
shems101	Shemo Steve
shepb101	Shepard Bert
shepj102	Shepard Jack
shepl801	Shepard Larry
shepw901	Shepard W.L.
shepr101	Shepardson Ray
shepk001	Shepherd Keith
shepr001	Shepherd Ron
shepj101	Sheppard John
sherb101	Sherdel Bill
sherr102	Sherid Roy
sheru101	Sheridan 
sherj901	Sheridan Jack
shern101	Sheridan Neill
sherp001	Sheridan Pat
sherr101	Sheridan Red
shere101	Sherling Ed
sherg801	Sherlock Glenn
sherm101	Sherlock Monk
sherv101	Sherlock Vince
sherd102	Sherman Dan
sherd001	Sherman Darrell
sherj101	Sherman Joe
shers901	Sherman Shang
sherd101	Sherrill Dennis
sherg001	Sherrill George
shert001	Sherrill Tim
sherf101	Sherry Fred
sherl101	Sherry Larry
shern102	Sherry Norm
shetb101	Shetrone Barry
shetb801	Shettsline Bill
shetj101	Shetzline John
shevj101	Shevlin Jimmy
shewj901	Shewmake Jim
shieb101	Shields Ben
shiec101	Shields Charlie
shiej002	Shields James
shiep101	Shields Pete
shies002	Shields Scot
shies001	Shields Steve
shiet001	Shields Tommy
shiev101	Shields Vince
shiej001	Shiell Jason
shifg101	Shifflett Garland
shifs001	Shifflett Steve
shilj101	Shilling Jim
shinz001	Shinall Zak
shing101	Shinault Ginger
shinb101	Shindle Billy
shinr001	Shines Razor
shint001	Shinjo Tsuyoshi
shinr101	Shinners Ralph
shint101	Shinnick Tim
shipd001	Shipanoff Dave
shipb101	Shipke Bill
shipc001	Shipley Craig
shipj101	Shipley Joe
shira101	Shires Art
shird101	Shirey Duke
shirb101	Shirley Bart
shirb001	Shirley Bob
shirm101	Shirley Mule
shirs101	Shirley Steve
shirt101	Shirley Tex
shivi101	Shiver Ivey
shocg101	Shoch George
shocu101	Shocker Urban
shocc101	Shockley Costen
shoec101	Shoemaker Charlie
shoem001	Shoemaker Matt
shofm101	Shoffner Milt
shofs101	Shofner Strick
shoke101	Shokes Eddie
shoor102	Shook Ray
shoor101	Shoop Ron
shopt101	Shopay Tom
shopk001	Shoppach Kelly
shore101	Shore Ernie
shorr101	Shore Ray
shorb102	Shores Bill
shorb101	Short Bill
shorc102	Short Chris
shord101	Short Dave
shorr001	Short Rick
shorc101	Shorten Chick
shotb101	Shotton Burt
shouc101	Shoun Clyde
shouj101	Shoupe John
shoub001	Shouse Brian
shovj101	Shovlin John
showe001	Show Eric
showb801	Showalter Buck
shrec001	Shreve Chasen
shrel101	Shreve Lev
shrih101	Shriver Harry
shubg101	Shuba George
shucj001	Shuck J.B.
shuep001	Shuey Paul
shugf101	Shugart Frank
shulj901	Shulock John
shult101	Shultz Toots
shuma001	Shumaker Anthony
shumh101	Shuman Harry
shumt001	Shumpert Terry
shupv101	Shupe Vince
sicke101	Sicking Ed
siddj001	Siddall Joe
siebn101	Siebern Norm
siebd102	Siebert Dick
siebp101	Siebert Paul
siebs101	Siebert Sonny
siebd101	Siebler Dwight
sieff101	Siefke Fred
siegj102	Siegel Fred
siegj101	Siegle Johnny
siegk001	Siegrist Kevin
siemo101	Siemer Oscar
sierc001	Sierra Candy
sierm001	Sierra Moises
sierr001	Sierra Ruben
sieve101	Siever Ed
sievr101	Sievers Roy
sifff101	Siffell Frank
sigaf101	Sigafoos Frank
siglp101	Siglin Paddy
sigmt101	Sigman Tripp
signw101	Signer Walter
sigss101	Sigsby Seth
sikob001	Sikorski Brian
silbe101	Silber Eddie
silce101	Silch Ed
silvc001	Silva Carlos
silvd101	Silva Danny
silvj001	Silva Jose
silvw001	Silva Walter
silva101	Silvera Al
silvc101	Silvera Charlie
silvl101	Silverio Luis
silvt101	Silverio Tom
silvd001	Silvestri Dave
silvk101	Silvestri Ken
simaa101	Sima Al
simab001	Simas Bill
simma101	Simmons Al
simma001	Simmons Andrelton
simmb001	Simmons Brian
simmc101	Simmons Curt
simmh101	Simmons Hack
simmj101	Simmons Joe
simmj102	Simmons John
simml801	Simmons Lew
simmn001	Simmons Nelson
simmp101	Simmons Pat
simms001	Simmons Shae
simmt001	Simmons Ted
simmm001	Simms Mike
simoa001	Simon Alfredo
simoh101	Simon Hank
simom102	Simon Mike
simor001	Simon Randall
simos101	Simon Syl
simod001	Simons Doug
simom101	Simons Mel
simoj001	Simontacchi Jason
simpa001	Simpson Allan
simpd102	Simpson Dick
simpd101	Simpson Duke
simph101	Simpson Harry
simpj101	Simpson Joe
simpl901	Simpson Lew
simpm101	Simpson Marty
simps101	Simpson Steve
simpw101	Simpson Wayne
simsd101	Sims Duke
simsg101	Sims Greg
simsp101	Sims Pete
sinam001	Sinatro Matt
sincs001	Sinclair Steve
sincb101	Sincock Bert
sineh101	Siner Hosea
singb101	Singer Bill
singc001	Singleton Chris
singd001	Singleton Duane
singe101	Singleton Elmer
singj101	Singleton John
singj001	Singleton Jon
singk001	Singleton Ken
singf101	Sington Fred
sinkb001	Sinkbeil Brett
siped101	Sipek Dick
sipij101	Sipin John
sippt001	Sipp Tony
siroh901	Siroka Harold
sirom001	Sirotka Mike
sisca001	Sisco Andy
siscs001	Sisco Steve
siskd001	Sisk Doug
siskt101	Sisk Tommie
sisld102	Sisler Dave
sisld101	Sisler Dick
sislg101	Sisler George
sissd801	Sisson Doug
sists101	Sisti Sibby
sittc101	Sitton Carl
sivep101	Sivess Pete
siwyj001	Siwy Jim
sixse101	Sixsmith Ed
sizeg001	Sizemore Grady
sizes001	Sizemore Scott
sizet101	Sizemore Ted
skaaj801	Skaalen Jim
skaff101	Skaff Frank
skagd101	Skaggs Dave
skagt001	Skaggs Tyler
skalj001	Skalski Joe
skaud101	Skaugstad Dave
skeed101	Skeels Dave
skelu901	Skelley Fred
skerj901	Skerrett Jim
sketb101	Sketchley Bud
skidr101	Skidmore Roe
skifb101	Skiff Bill
skina101	Skinner Al
skinb101	Skinner Bob
skinc102	Skinner Camp
skinj001	Skinner Joel
skipk001	Skipworth Kyle
skizl101	Skizas Lou
skokc101	Skok Craig
skopj101	Skopec John
skowb101	Skowron Bill
skrmm001	Skrmetta Matt
skubb101	Skube Bob
sladg101	Slade Gordon
slada101	Sladen Art
slagj102	Slagle Jimmy
slagj101	Slagle John
slagr101	Slagle Roger
slagw101	Slagle Walt
slama001	Slama Anthony
slapc101	Slapnicka Cy
slapj101	Slappey John
slatd001	Slaten Doug
slatj001	Slaton Jim
slatd901	Slattery Don
slatj101	Slattery Jack
slatm101	Slattery Mike
slatp101	Slattery Phil
slaud001	Slaught Don
slaub101	Slaughter Barney
slaue101	Slaughter Enos
slaus101	Slaughter Sterling
slayb101	Slayback Bill
slays102	Slayback Scottie
slays101	Slayton Steve
sleal101	Sleater Lou
sledt001	Sledge Terrmel
slicd901	Slickenmeyer Dave
slidr801	Slider Rac
sloab101	Sloan Bruce
sloat101	Sloan Tod
sloal101	Sloat Lefty
slocb001	Slocum Brian
slocr101	Slocum Ron
sloch001	Slocumb Heathcliff
slowk001	Slowey Kevin
slusj001	Slusarski Joe
smaih901	Smail Harry
smajc001	Smajstrla Craig
smala001	Small Aaron
smalc101	Small Charlie
smalh101	Small Hank
smalj101	Small Jim
smalm001	Small Mark
smalr101	Smalley Roy
smalr001	Smalley Roy
smalw102	Smalley Will
smalw101	Smallwood Walt
smarj001	Smart J.D.
smazj101	Smaza Joe
smilb101	Smiley Bill
smilj001	Smiley John
smitu101	Smith 
smita103	Smith Al
smita104	Smith Al
smita102	Smith Al
smita901	Smith Al
smita105	Smith Aleck
smita101	Smith Art
smitb105	Smith Bernie
smitb113	Smith Bill
smitb107	Smith Bill
smitb112	Smith Bill
schmb104	Smith Billy
smitb901	Smith Billy
smitb101	Smith Billy
smitb102	Smith Billy
smitb801	Smith Billy
smitb103	Smith Bob
smitb110	Smith Bob
smitb109	Smith Bob
smitb108	Smith Bob
smitr003	Smith Bob
smitb104	Smith Bobby
smitb003	Smith Brian
smitb002	Smith Brick
smitb001	Smith Bryn
smitb004	Smith Bud
smitb111	Smith Bull
smitb005	Smith Burch
smitc103	Smith Carr
smitc004	Smith Carson
smitc003	Smith Chad
smitc105	Smith Charley
smitc106	Smith Charlie
smitc107	Smith Charlie
smitc102	Smith Chick
smitc101	Smith Chris
smitc002	Smith Chris
smitc001	Smith Chuck
smitc104	Smith Clay
smitd005	Smith Dan
smitd006	Smith Dan
smitd004	Smith Dar
smitd105	Smith Dave
smitd001	Smith Dave
smitd002	Smith Dave
smitd103	Smith Dick
smitd104	Smith Dick
smitd102	Smith Dick
smitd101	Smith Doug
smitd003	Smith Dwight
smite107	Smith Earl
smite106	Smith Earl
smite108	Smith Earl
smite901	Smith Eb
smite110	Smith Ed
smite102	Smith Ed
smite105	Smith Eddie
smite101	Smith Edgar
smite109	Smith Edward
smite104	Smith Elmer
smite103	Smith Ernie
smitf105	Smith Frank
smitf106	Smith Frank
smitf104	Smith Frank
smitf101	Smith Fred
smitf102	Smith Fred
smitf103	Smith Fred
smite902	Smith Gene
smitg901	Smith George
smitg104	Smith George
smitg102	Smith George
smitg101	Smith George
smitg103	Smith Germany
smitg001	Smith Greg
smitg002	Smith Greg
smitg902	Smith Gustavus
smith109	Smith Hal
smith106	Smith Hal
smith108	Smith Hal
smith101	Smith Happy
smith103	Smith Harry
smith104	Smith Harry
smith105	Smith Harry
smith107	Smith Harry
smith102	Smith Harvey
smith110	Smith Heinie
smitj102	Smith Jack
smitj106	Smith Jack
smitj109	Smith Jack
smitj108	Smith Jake
smitj001	Smith Jason
smitj101	Smith Jim
smitj107	Smith Jimmy
smitj111	Smith Joe
smitj002	Smith Joe
smitj105	Smith John
smitj104	Smith John
smitj110	Smith John
smitj003	Smith Jordan
smitj004	Smith Josh
smitj103	Smith Jud
smitk101	Smith Keith
smitk001	Smith Keith
smitk102	Smith Ken
smitk103	Smith Klondike
smitl001	Smith Lee
smitl101	Smith Leo
smitl102	Smith Lewis
smitl002	Smith Lonnie
smitm101	Smith Mark
smitm004	Smith Mark
smitm006	Smith Matt
smitm105	Smith Mayo
smitm005	Smith Michael
smitm104	Smith Mike
smitm103	Smith Mike
smitm001	Smith Mike
smitm003	Smith Mike
smitm102	Smith Milt
smitn101	Smith Nate
smito101	Smith Ollie
smito001	Smith Ozzie
smitp105	Smith Paddy
smitp103	Smith Paul
smitp104	Smith Paul
smitp102	Smith Pete
smitp001	Smith Pete
smitp106	Smith Phenomenal
smitp101	Smith Pop
smitp107	Smith Pop-boy
smitr102	Smith Ray
smitr108	Smith Red
smitr104	Smith Red
smitr107	Smith Red
smitr105	Smith Red
smitr101	Smith Reggie
smitr106	Smith Rex
smitr001	Smith Roy
smitr004	Smith Roy
smitr103	Smith Rufus
smits002	Smith Seth
smits102	Smith Sherry
smits103	Smith Skyrocket
smits801	Smith Steve
smits104	Smith Stub
smits101	Smith Syd
smitt103	Smith Tom
smitt104	Smith Tom
smitt102	Smith Tommy
smitt101	Smith Tony
smitt001	Smith Travis
smitv101	Smith Vinnie
smitw103	Smith Wally
smitw101	Smith Wib
smitw002	Smith Will
smitw102	Smith Willie
smitw001	Smith Willie
smitz001	Smith Zane
smitr002	Smithberg Roger
smits001	Smitherman Stephen
smitm002	Smithson Mike
smoaj001	Smoak Justin
smolj002	Smolinski Jake
smoll101	Smoll Lefty
smolj001	Smoltz John
smooh101	Smoot Homer
smoyh101	Smoyer Henry
smykf101	Smykal Frank
smyld001	Smyly Drew
smyrc101	Smyres Clancy
smytr101	Smyth Red
smyts001	Smyth Steve
smyth101	Smythe Harry
snarr001	Snare Ryan
sneae001	Snead Esix
sneej101	Sneed John
sneeu901	Sneeden George
snelc101	Snell Charlie
sneli001	Snell Ian
sneln001	Snell Nate
snelw101	Snell Wally
snelc001	Snelling Chris
snidd101	Snider Duke
snidt001	Snider Travis
snidv001	Snider Van
snipr101	Snipes Roxy
snitb801	Snitker Brian
snodc901	Snoddy Carey
snodc101	Snodgrass Chappie
snodf101	Snodgrass Fred
snods001	Snodgress Scott
snoof101	Snook Frank
snopc001	Snopek Chris
snovc101	Snover Colonel
snowc101	Snow Charlie
snowj001	Snow J.T.
snydb101	Snyder Bernie
snydb102	Snyder Bill
snydb002	Snyder Brad
snydb003	Snyder Brandon
snydb001	Snyder Brian
snydc102	Snyder Charles
snydc002	Snyder Chris
snydc103	Snyder Chubby
snydc101	Snyder Cooney
snydc001	Snyder Cory
snyde001	Snyder Earl
snydf101	Snyder Frank
snydg102	Snyder Gene
snydg101	Snyder George
snydj102	Snyder Jack
snydj105	Snyder Jerry
snydj104	Snyder Jim
snydj103	Snyder Jim
snydj001	Snyder John
snydj101	Snyder Josh
snydk001	Snyder Kyle
snydp101	Snyder Pop
snydr101	Snyder Redleg
snydr102	Snyder Russ
soarh901	Soar Hank
sobks001	Sobkowiak Scott
sockc101	Sockalexis Chief
socom001	Socolovich Miguel
soddb101	Sodd Bill
sodee101	Soderholm Eric
sodes001	Soderstrom Steve
sodoc001	Sodowsky Clint
soffr001	Soff Ray
sofir101	Sofield Rick
sogae001	Sogard Eric
sojol001	Sojo Luis
solat101	Solaita Tony
solad001	Solano Donovan
solaj002	Solano Jhonatan
solaj001	Solano Julio
solay001	Solarte Yangervis
solea001	Soler Alay
solej001	Soler Jorge
solia001	Solis Ali
solim101	Solis Marcelino
solis001	Solis Sammy
solis801	Soliz Steve
soloe101	Solomon Eddie
solom101	Solomon Mose
soltm101	Solters Moose
somej101	Somerlott Jock
somee101	Somerville Ed
sommj101	Sommer Joe
sommp101	Sommers Andy
sommb901	Sommers Benjamin
sommb101	Sommers Bill
sommd801	Sommers Denny
sommr101	Sommers Rudy
somma101	Sommerville Andy
songd101	Songer Don
sonna001	Sonnanstine Andy
sorel001	Sorensen Lary
sorez001	Sorensen Zach
sorij001	Soria Joakim
soria001	Soriano Alfonso
sorir001	Soriano Rafael
sorrb101	Sorrell Billy
sorrv101	Sorrell Vic
sorrc101	Sorrells Chick
sorrp001	Sorrento Paul
sosae101	Sosa Elias
sosah001	Sosa Henry
sosaj002	Sosa Jorge
sosaj101	Sosa Jose
sosaj001	Sosa Juan
sosas001	Sosa Sammy
sothd101	Sothern Denny
sotha101	Sothoron Allen
sotog001	Soto Geovany
sotog002	Soto Giovanni
sotom001	Soto Mario
soton001	Soto Neftali
soucb101	Souchock Bud
soutc101	Southwick Clyde
soutb102	Southworth Bill
soutb101	Southworth Billy
souzm101	Souza Mark
souzs001	Souza Steven
sowdb101	Sowders Bill
sowdj101	Sowders John
sowdl101	Sowders Len
sowej001	Sowers Jeremy
spadb101	Spade Bob
spagd901	Spagnardi Darren
spahw101	Spahn Warren
spala101	Spalding Al
spald101	Spalding Dick
spand001	Span Denard
spanj901	Spange John
spanc001	Spangenberg Cory
spana101	Spangler Al
spanb101	Spanswick Bill
sparj001	Sparks Jeff
sparj801	Sparks Joe
spars001	Sparks Steve
spars002	Sparks Steve
spart101	Sparks Tully
sparj101	Sparma Joe
speab101	Speake Bob
speat101	Speaker Tris
spean001	Spears Nate
specc001	Speck Cliff
speeb101	Speece By
speeh101	Speed Horace
speef101	Speer Floyd
speek101	Speer Kid
speht001	Spehr Tim
speic001	Speier Chris
speij001	Speier Justin
speir001	Speier Ryan
speil001	Speigner Levale
spenb102	Spence Bob
spenh801	Spence Harry
spenj001	Spence Josh
spens101	Spence Stan
spenu101	Spencer 
spenb101	Spencer Ben
spenc101	Spencer Chet
spend101	Spencer Daryl
speng102	Spencer George
speng101	Spencer Glenn
spenh101	Spencer Hack
spenj101	Spencer Jim
spenr101	Spencer Roy
spens003	Spencer Sean
spens001	Spencer Shane
spens002	Spencer Stan
spent102	Spencer Tom
spent101	Spencer Tubby
spenv101	Spencer Vern
spenf901	Spenn Fred
sperp101	Speraw Paul
spere101	Sperber Ed
sperr101	Sperring Rob
spers101	Sperry Stan
spicb101	Spicer Bob
spiep901	Spieler Pat
spieb001	Spiers Bill
spieh101	Spies Harry
spiee101	Spiezio Ed
spies001	Spiezio Scott
spikc101	Spikes Charlie
spilr001	Spilborghs Ryan
spild001	Spillner Dan
spilh001	Spilman Harry
spinh101	Spindel Hal
spinm901	Spinelli Mike
spins101	Spinks Scipio
spivj001	Spivey Junior
splip001	Splittorff Paul
spoga101	Spognardi Andy
spoha101	Spohrer Al
spolp001	Spoljaric Paul
sponc101	Spongberg Karl
spook101	Spooner Karl
spoot001	Spooneybarger Tim
spotj101	Spotts Jim
spraj001	Spradlin Jerry
sprah102	Spragins Homer
sprac101	Sprague Charlie
sprae101	Sprague Ed
sprae001	Sprague Ed
sprah101	Spratt Harry
sprig101	Spriggs George
sprib901	Sprincz Bill
sprij102	Spring Jack
sprib101	Springer Brad
sprid001	Springer Dennis
sprie101	Springer Ed
sprig001	Springer George
sprir001	Springer Russ
spris001	Springer Steve
sprim901	Springstead Marty
sprij101	Sprinz Joe
sproc101	Sproull Charlie
sprob102	Sprout Bob
sprob101	Sprowl Bobby
spruz001	Spruill Zeke
spurf101	Spurgeon Freddy
spurj001	Spurgeon Jay
spurc001	Spurling Chris
spure101	Spurney Ed
squim001	Squires Mike
stcle101	St. Claire Ebba
stclr001	St. Claire Randy
stpim001	St. Pierre Max
stvrj101	St. Vrain Jim
stapj101	Stabell Joe
stabg101	Stablein George
stace101	Stack Eddie
staem101	Staehle Marv
stafb102	Stafford 
stafb101	Stafford Bill
stafg101	Stafford General
stafh101	Stafford Heinie
stafj901	Stafford Jack
stafj101	Stafford John
stagb901	Stage Billy
stags101	Staggs Steve
stahc101	Stahl Chick
stahg901	Stahl George
stahj101	Stahl Jake
stahl101	Stahl Larry
stahs001	Stahoviak Scott
stair101	Staiger Roy
stait101	Stainback Tuck
staim001	Stairs Matt
stalg104	Staley Gale
stalg103	Staley Gerry
stalh101	Staley Harry
stalt101	Stallard Tracy
stalv101	Stallcup Virgil
stalg102	Staller George
stalg101	Stallings George
stamc901	Stambaugh Calvin
stamc001	Stammen Craig
stano101	Stanage Oscar
stanc101	Stanceu Charley
stanj106	Standaert Jerry
stanj001	Standridge Jason
stanp101	Standridge Pete
stana101	Stanek Al
stank101	Stanfield Kevin
stanj002	Stanford Jason
stand001	Stange Daniel
stanl101	Stange Lee
stand101	Stanhouse Don
stanp001	Stanicek Pete
stans001	Stanicek Steve
stanr001	Stanifer Rob
stanj105	Stanka Joe
stant102	Stankard Tom
stana001	Stankiewicz Andy
stane101	Stanky Eddie
stanb001	Stanley Bob
stanb102	Stanley Buck
stanc002	Stanley Cody
stanf101	Stanley Fred
stanj101	Stanley Jim
stanj104	Stanley Joe
stanj103	Stanley Joe
stanm101	Stanley Mickey
stanm002	Stanley Mike
stanc001	Stansberry Craig
stanj102	Stansbury Jack
stanj901	Stansell Jack
stanb101	Stanton Buck
stanm004	Stanton Giancarlo
stanl102	Stanton Leroy
stanm001	Stanton Mike
stanm003	Stanton Mike
stant101	Stanton Tom
stanu901	Stanwood H.D.
stapd001	Stapleton Dave
stapd002	Stapleton Dave
starw101	Stargell Willie
stard001	Stark Denny
stard101	Stark Dolly
stard901	Stark Dolly
starm001	Stark Matt
starc103	Starkel Con
starg101	Starnagle George
starc101	Starr Charlie
starc102	Starr Chick
stard102	Starr Dick
starr101	Starr Ray
starh101	Starrette Herm
starj101	Start Joe
stasm001	Stassi Max
statd001	Staton Dave
statj102	Staton Joe
statj101	Statz Jigger
staur001	Staub Rusty
staue101	Stauffer Ed
staut001	Stauffer Tim
stavn001	Stavinoha Nick
steab101	Stearns Bill
stead101	Stearns Dan
steaj001	Stearns John
stecc101	Stecher William
stecg001	Stechschulte Gene
stedj101	Stedronsky John
steeb102	Steele Bill
steeb103	Steele Bob
steee101	Steele Elmer
steef101	Steelman Farmer
steej001	Steels Jim
steeb101	Steen Bill
steem102	Steengrafe Milt
steek001	Steenstra Kennie
steeg101	Steere Gene
steem101	Steevens Morrie
stefj001	Stefero John
stegd001	Stegman Dave
steib001	Stein Bill
steib002	Stein Blake
steie101	Stein Ed
stanh101	Stein Henry
steii101	Stein Irv
steij101	Stein Justin
steir101	Stein Randy
stinh101	Stein William
steit001	Steinbach Terry
steih102	Steinbacher Hank
sterp901	Steinberg Paul
steig101	Steinbrenner Gene
steib102	Steinecke Bill
steir103	Steineder Ray
steib101	Steiner Ben
steim901	Steiner Mel
steir102	Steiner Red
steih101	Steinfeldt Harry
steir001	Steirer Rick
stelb102	Stellbauer Bill
stelb101	Stellberger Bill
steld901	Stello Dick
stelr101	Stelmaszek Rick
stemf101	Stem Fred
stemj101	Stember Jeff
stems001	Stemle Steve
stemb101	Stemmyer Bill
stenc101	Stengel Casey
stend101	Stenhouse Dave
stenm001	Stenhouse Mike
stenr101	Stennett Rennie
stend001	Stenson Dernell
stenj101	Stenzel Jake
stepb104	Stephen Buzz
stepb101	Stephens Ben
stepb103	Stephens Bryan
stepc101	Stephens Clarence
stepg101	Stephens Gene
stepj104	Stephens Jim
stepj001	Stephens John
stepr001	Stephens Ray
stepv101	Stephens Vern
stepb102	Stephenson Bob
stepd101	Stephenson Dummy
stepe101	Stephenson Earl
stepg001	Stephenson Garrett
stepj103	Stephenson Jerry
stepj101	Stephenson Joe
stepj102	Stephenson John
stepp001	Stephenson Phil
stepr101	Stephenson Riggs
stepw101	Stephenson Walter
sterj101	Sterling 
sterr101	Sterling Randy
stera001	Stern Adam
sterd101	Sterrett Dutch
stetm001	Stetter Mitch
stevb101	Stevens Bobby
stevc101	Stevens Chuck
stevd001	Stevens Dave
steve101	Stevens Ed
stevj001	Stevens Jeff
stevj101	Stevens Jim
stevj901	Stevens Johnny
stevl001	Stevens Lee
stevr101	Stevens R C
stevr102	Stevens Robert
stevt001	Steverson Todd
stewa101	Stewart Ace
stewa001	Stewart Andy
stewb901	Stewart Bill
stewb102	Stewart Bill
stewb902	Stewart Bob
stewb101	Stewart Bud
stewb103	Stewart Bunky
stewc001	Stewart Chris
stewd001	Stewart Dave
stewe901	Stewart Ernie
stewf101	Stewart Frank
stewg101	Stewart Glen
stewi001	Stewart Ian
stewj102	Stewart Jimmy
stewj101	Stewart Joe
stewj901	Stewart John
stewj001	Stewart Josh
stewl101	Stewart Lefty
stewm101	Stewart Mack
stewm102	Stewart Mark
stewn101	Stewart Neb
stews001	Stewart Sammy
stews003	Stewart Scott
stews002	Stewart Shannon
stews101	Stewart Stuffy
stewt101	Stewart Tuffy
stewz001	Stewart Zach
stidp001	Stidham Phil
stied001	Stieb Dave
stief101	Stiely Fred
stigd101	Stigman Dick
stilr103	Stiles Rollie
stilr102	Stillman Royle
stilk001	Stillwell Kurt
stilr101	Stillwell Ron
stimc101	Stimac Craig
stima101	Stimmel Archie
stimc102	Stimson Carl
stinl101	Stine Lee
stink001	Stinnett Kelly
stinb101	Stinson Bob
stinj001	Stinson Josh
stirg101	Stires Gat
stirs101	Stirnweiss Snuffy
stitm001	Stites Matt
stivj101	Stivetts Jack
stobc101	Stobbs Chuck
stocm101	Stock Milt
stocw101	Stock Wes
stock001	Stocker Kevin
stocm001	Stocker Mel
stocp001	Stockman Phil
stoco101	Stocksdale Otis
stocl101	Stockwell Len
stodu101	Stoddard 
stodb001	Stoddard Bob
stodt001	Stoddard Tim
stoka102	Stokes Al
stoka101	Stokes Art
stokb001	Stokes Brian
stona101	Stone Arnie
stond102	Stone Dean
stond103	Stone Dick
stond101	Stone Dwight
stong103	Stone Gene
stong101	Stone George
stong102	Stone George
stonj001	Stone Jeff
stonj102	Stone John
stonr001	Stone Ricky
stonr101	Stone Rocky
stonr102	Stone Ron
stons101	Stone Steve
stont101	Stone Tige
stonj101	Stoneham John
stonb101	Stoneman Bill
stonl101	Stoner Lil
stont001	Stoner Tobi
stooj001	Stoops Jim
stopj901	Stophlet Joseph
stord001	Storen Drew
storm001	Storey Mickey
storh101	Storie Howie
stora101	Storke Alan
storl101	Storti Lin
stotm101	Stottlemyre Mel
stotm001	Stottlemyre Mel
stott001	Stottlemyre Todd
stout101	Stouch Tom
stoua101	Stout Allyn
stovd001	Stovall DaRond
stovg101	Stovall George
stovj101	Stovall Jesse
stovh101	Stovey Harry
stovr101	Stoviak Ray
stowh101	Stowe Hal
stowc001	Stowers Chris
stram101	Strahler Mike
strad101	Strahs Dick
strad003	Straily Dan
straj101	Strain Joe
stral001	Straker Les
strab101	Strampe Bob
strap101	Strand Paul
stral101	Strands Larry
stras102	Strang Sammy
straa102	Strange Alan
strad002	Strange Doug
strap001	Strange Pat
stras001	Strasburg Stephen
straa101	Stratton Asa
strae101	Stratton Ed
stram102	Stratton Monty
stras101	Stratton Scott
straj102	Straub Joe
strar001	Strausborger Ryan
straj103	Strauss Joe
strad001	Strawberry Darryl
streg101	Street Gabby
streh001	Street Huston
streo101	Streit Oscar
stree101	Strelecki Ed
strep101	Stremmel Phil
strew101	Streuli Walt
strem901	Strey Murray
strij105	Strick Charles
stric101	Stricker Cub
strib101	Strickland Bill
strig102	Strickland George
strih001	Strickland Hunter
strij104	Strickland Jim
stris001	Strickland Scott
strie101	Stricklett Elmer
strig101	Strief George
strij103	Strike John
strij102	Striker Jake
strin101	Strincevich Nick
stril101	Stringer Lou
strij101	Stripp Joe
strim001	Strittmatter Mark
stroa101	Strobel Allie
strol801	Strode Lester
stroj102	Strohmayer John
strob101	Strom Brent
strom001	Stroman Marcus
strof101	Stromme Floyd
stroj101	Stroner Jim
stroj002	Strong Jamal
stroj001	Strong Joe
strop001	Strop Pedro
stroe101	Stroud Ed
stros102	Stroud Sailor
stros101	Stroughter Steve
strua101	Strueve Al
strua102	Strunk Amos
strus101	Struss Steamboat
stryd101	Stryker Dutch
stuab101	Stuart Bill
stuad101	Stuart Dick
stuaj101	Stuart Johnny
stual101	Stuart Luke
stuam101	Stuart Marlin
stubd001	Stubbs Drew
stubf001	Stubbs Franklin
stubm101	Stubing Moose
studs101	Studley Sy
stueg101	Stueland George
stufp101	Stuffel Paul
stule001	Stull Everett
stule002	Stults Eric
stulg101	Stultz George
stumj101	Stump Jim
stumb101	Stumpf Bill
stumg101	Stumpf George
stupj001	Stuper John
sturt101	Sturdivant Tom
sturg101	Sturdy Guy
sturb101	Sturgeon Bobby
sturd101	Sturgis Dean
sturj101	Sturm Johnny
sturt001	Sturtze Tanyon
stutm001	Stutes Michael
stutg101	Stutz George
styll101	Styles Lena
stync001	Stynes Chris
stynn101	Stynes Neil
suare001	Suarez Eugenio
suark101	Suarez Ken
suarl101	Suarez Luis
suchd101	Such Dick
suchc101	Suche Charley
suchj101	Suchecki Jim
suckt101	Suck Tony
sucrj001	Sucre Jesus
sudab101	Sudakis Bill
sudep101	Suder Pete
sudhw101	Sudhoff Willie
sudoe901	Sudol Ed
suerw001	Suero William
sugdj101	Sugden Joe
suggg101	Suggs George
suhrg101	Suhr Gus
sukec101	Sukeforth Clyde
sukle101	Sukla Ed
sulag101	Sularz Guy
sulie101	Sulik Ernie
sullu101	Sullivan 
sulla101	Sullivan Andy
sullb104	Sullivan Bill
sullb101	Sullivan Bill
sullb102	Sullivan Billy
sullb103	Sullivan Billy
sullc101	Sullivan Charlie
sullc102	Sullivan Chub
sullc001	Sullivan Cory
sulld103	Sullivan Dan
sulld901	Sullivan Dave
sulld102	Sullivan Denny
sulld101	Sullivan Denny
sullf102	Sullivan Fleury
sullf101	Sullivan Frank
sullh102	Sullivan Harry
sullh101	Sullivan Haywood
sullj110	Sullivan Jackie
sullj901	Sullivan Jerry
sullj109	Sullivan Jim
sullj108	Sullivan Jim
sullj101	Sullivan Joe
sullj102	Sullivan Joe
sullj107	Sullivan John
sullj106	Sullivan John
sullj105	Sullivan John
sullj104	Sullivan John
sullj103	Sullivan John
sulll101	Sullivan Lefty
sullm001	Sullivan Marc
sullm103	Sullivan Marty
sullm102	Sullivan Mike
sullm101	Sullivan Mike
sullp101	Sullivan Pat
sullp801	Sullivan Pat
sullr101	Sullivan Russ
sulls001	Sullivan Scott
sulls101	Sullivan Sleeper
sulls102	Sullivan Suter
sullt101	Sullivan Ted
sullt104	Sullivan Tom
sullt103	Sullivan Tom
sullt102	Sullivan Tom
sullw101	Sullivan William
summh101	Summa Homer
summb901	Summers Bill
summc001	Summers Champ
summe101	Summers Ed
summk101	Summers Kid
sumnc101	Sumner Carl
summj901	Sumner James
sunda101	Sunday Art
sundb101	Sunday Billy
sundj001	Sundberg Jim
sundg101	Sundin Gordie
sunds101	Sundra Steve
sunkt101	Sunkel Tom
suppj001	Suppan Jeff
suppw901	Supple Bill
surhb001	Surhoff B.J.
surhr001	Surhoff Rich
surke001	Surkamp Eric
surkm101	Surkont Max
susaa001	Susac Andrew
suscg102	Susce George
suscg101	Susce George
susds001	Susdorf Steve
suskp101	Susko Pete
sutcb101	Sutcliffe Butch
sutcr001	Sutcliffe Rick
sutcs101	Sutcliffe Sy
suteh101	Suter Harry
suthd102	Sutherland Darrell
suthd101	Sutherland Dizzy
suthg101	Sutherland Gary
suthl101	Sutherland Leo
suths101	Sutherland Suds
sutkg001	Sutko Glenn
suttb001	Sutter Bruce
suttj102	Sutthoff Jack
suttd001	Sutton Don
suttd002	Sutton Drew
sutte101	Sutton Ezra
suttj101	Sutton John
suttl001	Sutton Larry
suzui001	Suzuki Ichiro
suzuk001	Suzuki Kurt
suzum001	Suzuki Mac
sveud001	Sveum Dale
swach101	Swacina Harry
swagb001	Swaggerty Bill
swaic101	Swaim Cy
swana101	Swan Andy
swanc001	Swan Craig
swand101	Swan Harry
swanr001	Swan Russ
swanm101	Swandell Marty
swanp101	Swander Pinky
swanp001	Swann Pedro
swanb101	Swanson Bill
swane101	Swanson Evar
swank101	Swanson Karl
swanr101	Swanson Red
swans101	Swanson Stan
swabb101	Swarback Bill
sware101	Swartwood Ed
swarb101	Swartz Bud
swarm101	Swartz Monty
sward001	Swartzbaugh Dave
swarp101	Swartzel Park
swara001	Swarzak Anthony
sweac101	Sweasy Charlie
sweeb103	Sweeney Bill
sweeb102	Sweeney Bill
sweeb101	Sweeney Bill
sweeb001	Sweeney Brian
sweeb104	Sweeney Buck
sweec101	Sweeney Charlie
sweed101	Sweeney Dan
sweed001	Sweeney Darnell
sweeg901	Sweeney George
sweeh101	Sweeney Harry
sweej102	Sweeney Jeff
sweej101	Sweeney Jerry
sweem001	Sweeney Mark
sweem002	Sweeney Mike
sweej901	Sweeney Monroe
sweep101	Sweeney Pete
sweer102	Sweeney Rooney
sweer001	Sweeney Ryan
sweer101	Sweet Rick
sweel101	Sweetland Les
sweih101	Sweigert 
swenc901	Swenson Charles
swena101	Swentor Augie
swets101	Swetonic Steve
swetp101	Swett Pop
swifb101	Swift Bill
swifb001	Swift Bill
swifb102	Swift Bob
swigo101	Swigart Oad
swiga101	Swigler Ad
swihb001	Swihart Blake
swing001	Swindell Greg
swinj101	Swindell Josh
swinc101	Swindells Charlie
swinr001	Swindle R.J.
swinp001	Swingle Paul
swisn001	Swisher Nick
swiss101	Swisher Steve
switj001	Switzer Jon
swobr101	Swoboda Ron
sworl101	Swormstedt Len
sykeb101	Sykes Bob
sylvf901	Sylvester Frank
sylvl101	Sylvester Lou
syndn001	Syndergaard Noah
szczm001	Szczur Matt
szekj101	Szekely Joe
szotk101	Szotkiewicz Ken
szumj001	Szuminski Jason
tabaf901	Tabacchi Frank
tabaj001	Tabaka Jeff
tabaj002	Tabata Jose
tabbj101	Tabb Jerry
tabej101	Taber John
tabel101	Taber Lefty
tablp001	Tabler Pat
tabog001	Tabor Greg
taboj101	Tabor Jim
tackj001	Tackett Jeff
tadak001	Tadano Kazuhito
taffj101	Taff John
tagus001	Taguchi So
taitd101	Taitt Doug
takah001	Takahashi Hisanori
takak001	Takahashi Ken
takas001	Takatsu Shingo
talbb101	Talbot Bob
talbf101	Talbot Fred
talbu901	Talbot John
talbm001	Talbot Mitch
talcr101	Talcott Roy
tallb001	Tallet Brian
taltt101	Talton Tim
tam-j001	Tam Jeff
tamaj101	Tamargo John
tamuv101	Tamulis Vito
tanak001	Tanaka Kensuke
tanam001	Tanaka Masahiro
tanaf001	Tanana Frank
tankd001	Tankersley Dennis
tankl101	Tankersley Leo
tankt001	Tankersley Taylor
tannj101	Tannehill Jesse
tannl101	Tannehill Lee
tannb001	Tanner Bruce
tannc101	Tanner Chuck
tapak001	Tapani Kevin
tappw101	Tappan Walter
tappe101	Tappe El
tappt101	Tappe Ted
tarat001	Tarasco Tony
tarba101	Tarbert Arlie
tartd001	Tartabull Danny
tartj101	Tartabull Jose
tartt001	Tartamella Travis
tarvl001	Tarver La Schelle
tasbw101	Tasby Willie
tascj001	Taschner Jack
tataj001	Tata Jordan
tatat901	Tata Terry
tatea101	Tate Al
tateb101	Tate Bennie
tateh101	Tate Hughie
tatel101	Tate Lee
tatep101	Tate Pop
tater101	Tate Randy
tates001	Tate Stu
tatew901	Tate William
tatey001	Tateyama Yoshinori
tatif001	Tatis Fernando
tatir001	Tatis Ramon
tatuc001	Tatum Craig
tatuj101	Tatum Jarvis
tatuj001	Tatum Jim
tatuk101	Tatum Ken
tatut101	Tatum Tommy
taubt001	Taubenheim Ty
taube001	Taubensee Ed
taubf101	Tauby Fred
tausw101	Tauscher Walt
tausd101	Taussig Don
tavaj002	Tavarez Jesus
tavaj001	Tavarez Julian
tavej101	Tavener Jackie
tavea101	Taveras Alex
tavef101	Taveras Frank
taveo001	Taveras Oscar
tavew001	Taveras Willy
tayla001	Taylor Aaron
tayla002	Taylor Andrew
tayla101	Taylor Arlas
taylb107	Taylor Ben
taylb106	Taylor Ben
taylb102	Taylor Bill
taylb103	Taylor Billy
taylb104	Taylor Billy
taylb001	Taylor Billy
taylb105	Taylor Bob
taylb101	Taylor Bruce
taylc102	Taylor Carl
taylc103	Taylor Chink
taylc001	Taylor Chris
taylc101	Taylor Chuck
tayld101	Taylor Danny
tayld002	Taylor Dorn
tayld102	Taylor Dummy
tayld001	Taylor Dwight
tayle102	Taylor Ed
tayle101	Taylor Ed
taylf101	Taylor Fred
taylg102	Taylor Gary
taylg801	Taylor George
taylg001	Taylor Graham
taylh104	Taylor Harry
taylh103	Taylor Harry
taylh101	Taylor Harry
taylh105	Taylor Harry
taylh102	Taylor Hawk
taylj102	Taylor Jack
taylj101	Taylor Jack
taylj103	Taylor Joe
taylj901	Taylor Joe Bob
taylk001	Taylor Kerry
tayll101	Taylor Leo
tayll102	Taylor Live
taylm001	Taylor Michael
taylm002	Taylor Michael
taylp101	Taylor Pete
taylr001	Taylor Reggie
taylr101	Taylor Ron
tayls102	Taylor Sammy
tayls001	Taylor Scott
tayls002	Taylor Scott
taylt001	Taylor Terry
taylt102	Taylor Tommy
taylt101	Taylor Tony
taylw001	Taylor Wade
taylw901	Taylor Walter
taylw101	Taylor Wiley
taylz102	Taylor Z.H.
taylz101	Taylor Zack
tazaj001	Tazawa Junichi
teacb101	Teachout Bud
teafe001	Teaford Everett
teagt001	Teagarden Taylor
teahm001	Teahen Mark
tebbb101	Tebbetts Birdie
tebeg101	Tebeau George
tebep101	Tebeau Patsy
tebep102	Tebeau Pussy
tedra101	Tedrow Al
teedd101	Teed Dick
tehej001	Teheran Julio
teixm001	Teixeira Mark
tejam001	Tejada Miguel
tejar001	Tejada Ruben
tejaw001	Tejada Wilfredo
tejer001	Tejeda Rob
tejem001	Tejera Michael
tekob001	Tekotte Blake
tekuk001	Tekulve Kent
telea001	Telemaco Amaury
telfa001	Telford Anthony
telft901	Telford Tom
telgd001	Telgheder Dave
telit001	Telis Tomas
tellt001	Tellmann Tom
tempj101	Temple Johnny
tempc101	Templeton Chuck
tempg001	Templeton Garry
tenag101	Tenace Gene
tenej101	Tener John
tennj101	Tennant Jim
tennt101	Tennant Tom
tennf101	Tenney Fred
tennf102	Tenney Fred
tepef101	Tepedino Frank
teper001	Tepera Ryan
tepen001	Tepesch Nick
tepsj101	Tepsic Joe
terdj001	Terdoslavich Joey
terlb101	Terlecki Bob
terlg101	Terlecky Greg
terlr901	Terlop Russ
terpj101	Terpko Jeff
terrj101	Terrell Jerry
terrt101	Terrell Tom
terrw001	Terrell Walt
terrl001	Terrero Luis
terra101	Terry Adonis
terrb101	Terry Bill
terrj102	Terry John
terrr101	Terry Ralph
terrs001	Terry Scott
terru101	Terry Wallace
terry101	Terry Yank
terrz101	Terry Zeb
terwd101	Terwilliger Dick
terww101	Terwilliger Wayne
tesca101	Tesch Al
tesrj101	Tesreau Jeff
tessj001	Tessmer Jay
testn101	Testa Nick
tettd101	Tettelbach Dick
tettm001	Tettleton Mickey
teuft001	Teufel Tim
teutn001	Teut Nate
tewkb001	Tewksbury Bob
texek001	Texeira Kanekoa
textg101	Textor George
thacm101	Thacker Moe
thaka101	Thake Al
thame001	Thames Eric
thamm001	Thames Marcus
thatg101	Thatcher Grant
thatj001	Thatcher Joe
thayd001	Thayer Dale
thayg101	Thayer Greg
theit901	Theilander Ted
theij101	Theis Jack
theid101	Theiss Duane
theor101	Theobald Ron
theog101	Theodore George
therr001	Theriot Ryan
thesj101	Thesenga Jug
thevt101	Thevenow Tommy
thieb101	Thiel Bert
thiec001	Thielbar Caleb
thieh101	Thielman Henry
thiej102	Thielman Jake
thied101	Thies Dave
thiej101	Thies Jake
thigb001	Thigpen Bobby
thigc001	Thigpen Curtis
thobj001	Thobe J.J.
thobt001	Thobe Tom
thoed101	Thoenen Dick
tholj001	Thole Josh
thoma001	Thomas Andres
thomb101	Thomas Bill
thomb104	Thomas Blaine
thomb001	Thomas Brad
thomb102	Thomas Bud
thomb103	Thomas Bud
thomc102	Thomas Carl
thomc001	Thomas Charles
thomc101	Thomas Claude
thomc002	Thomas Clete
thomd101	Thomas Dan
thomd001	Thomas Derrel
thomf105	Thomas Fay
thomf103	Thomas Frank
thomf001	Thomas Frank
thomf801	Thomas Fred
thomf102	Thomas Fred
thomf104	Thomas Frosty
thomg102	Thomas George
thomg001	Thomas Gorman
thomh102	Thomas Herb
thomi001	Thomas Ian
thomi101	Thomas Ira
thomj006	Thomas Justin
thomk101	Thomas Kite
thoml001	Thomas Larry
thoml103	Thomas Lee
thoml104	Thomas Lefty
thoml102	Thomas Leo
thomm003	Thomas Mike
thomm101	Thomas Myles
thomp101	Thomas Pinch
thomr103	Thomas Ray
thomr102	Thomas Red
thomr101	Thomas Roy
thomr001	Thomas Roy
thoms102	Thomas Stan
thomt102	Thomas Tom
thomt103	Thomas Tommy
thomv101	Thomas Valmy
thomw101	Thomas Walt
thoma101	Thomason Art
thome101	Thomason Erskine
thomg101	Thomasson Gary
thomj002	Thome Jim
thomu101	Thompson 
thoma003	Thompson Aaron
thoma103	Thompson Andrew
thoma801	Thompson Andrew
thoma002	Thompson Andy
thoma102	Thompson Art
thomb106	Thompson Bobby
thomb002	Thompson Brad
thomd103	Thompson Danny
thomd003	Thompson Daryl
thomd002	Thompson Derek
thomd102	Thompson Don
thomf109	Thompson Forrest
thomf107	Thompson Frank
thomf106	Thompson Fresco
thomf101	Thompson Fuller
thomg103	Thompson Gus
thomh103	Thompson Hank
thomh104	Thompson Harry
thomh101	Thompson Homer
thomj001	Thompson Jason
thomj004	Thompson Jason
thomj101	Thompson Jocko
thomj102	Thompson Junior
thomj003	Thompson Justin
thomk001	Thompson Kevin
thoml101	Thompson Lee
thomm002	Thompson Mark
thomm102	Thompson Mike
thomm901	Thompson Mike
thomm004	Thompson Mike
thomm001	Thompson Milt
thomr901	Thompson R.J.
thomr002	Thompson Rich
thomr005	Thompson Rich
thomr006	Thompson Rich
thomr003	Thompson Robby
thomr004	Thompson Ryan
thoms103	Thompson Sam
thoms001	Thompson Scot
thoms101	Thompson Shag
thomt001	Thompson Taylor
thomt106	Thompson Tim
thomt104	Thompson Tommy
thomt105	Thompson Tommy
thomt002	Thompson Trayce
thomt101	Thompson Tug
thomw102	Thompson Will
thomb105	Thomson Bobby
thomj005	Thomson John
thomr801	Thomson Rob
thond001	Thon Dickie
thonj101	Thoney Jack
thorh101	Thormahlen Hank
thors001	Thorman Scott
thorp101	Thormodsgard Paul
thort001	Thornburg Tyler
thora001	Thornton Andre
thorj102	Thornton John
thorl001	Thornton Lou
thorm001	Thornton Matt
thoro101	Thornton Otis
thorw101	Thornton Walter
thorb102	Thorpe Bob
thorb101	Thorpe Bob
thorj101	Thorpe Jim
thrab101	Thrasher Buck
three001	Threets Erick
throf101	Throneberry Faye
throm101	Throneberry Marv
throg101	Throop George
thuml101	Thuman Lou
thurb101	Thurman Bob
thurc001	Thurman Corey
thurg001	Thurman Gary
thurm002	Thurman Mike
thurm001	Thurmond Mark
thurj001	Thurston Joseph
thurs101	Thurston Sloppy
tianl101	Tiant Luis
tibbj001	Tibbs Jay
ticht901	Tichenor Todd
tidrd001	Tidrow Dick
tiefb101	Tiefenauer Bobby
tiefv101	Tiefenthaler Verle
tieme101	Tiemeyer Eddie
tierm101	Tiernan Mike
tierb101	Tierney Bill
tierc101	Tierney Cotton
tietl101	Tietje Les
tifft001	Tiffee Terry
tiftr101	Tift Ray
tighe901	Tighe Ed
tighj801	Tighe Jack
tildo901	Tilden Otis
tillt101	Tillatson Thad
tillc901	Tiller Chris
tillj102	Tilley John
tillb101	Tillman Bob
tillc001	Tillman Chris
tillh901	Tillman Hank
tillj101	Tillman Johnny
tillr001	Tillman Rusty
timbg101	Timberlake Gary
timbu901	Timblin 
timlm001	Timlin Mike
timmt101	Timmermann Tom
timmo001	Timmons Ozzie
timmt901	Timmons Tim
timpc001	Timpner Clay
tincb101	Tincup Ben
tindu901	Tindill Charles
tingr001	Tingley Ron
tinkj101	Tinker Joe
tinnu901	Tinney 
tinnb101	Tinning Bud
tinsl001	Tinsley Lee
tippj101	Tipper Jim
tippd101	Tipple Dan
tipte101	Tipton Eric
tiptj101	Tipton Joe
tisct101	Tischinski Tom
tisij101	Tising Jack
titcc101	Titcomb Cannonball
tituj101	Titus John
tobid001	Tobik Dave
tobib101	Tobin Bill
tobij101	Tobin Jack
tobij102	Tobin Jackie
tobij103	Tobin Jim
tobim001	Tobin Mason
tobip101	Tobin Pat
tobit101	Tobin Tip
tocaj001	Toca Jorge
todda101	Todd Al
toddf101	Todd Frank
toddj101	Todd Jackson
toddj001	Todd Jess
toddj102	Todd Jim
todtp101	Todt Phil
toenh101	Toenes Hal
tolab101	Tolan Bobby
tolak001	Tolar Kevin
tolbm001	Tolbert Matt
tolej001	Tolentino Jose
tolif001	Toliver Freddie
tollb001	Tollberg Brian
tolls002	Tolleson Shawn
tolls001	Tolleson Steven
tollw001	Tolleson Wayne
tolmt001	Tolman Tim
tolsc101	Tolson Chick
tomad101	Tomanek Dick
tomay001	Tomas Yasmany
tomaa101	Tomasic Andy
tomba001	Tomberlin Andy
tomeg101	Tomer George
tomkb001	Tomko Brett
tomld001	Tomlin Dave
tomlj001	Tomlin Josh
tomlr001	Tomlin Randy
tomlk001	Tomlinson Kelby
tomnp101	Tomney Phil
tompc101	Tompkins Chuck
tompr101	Tompkins Ron
tomst101	Toms Tommy
tonef101	Toney Fred
tonim001	Tonis Mike
tonkd101	Tonkin Doc
tonkm001	Tonkin Michael
tonnt101	Tonneman Tony
tools101	Toole Steve
toolb101	Tooley Bert
topos101	Toporcer Specs
toppr101	Toppin Rupe
torbj101	Torborg Jeff
torct001	Torcato Tony
torct801	Torchia Tony
torew001	Toregas Wyatt
torge101	Torgeson Earl
torkr101	Torkelson Red
torpr101	Torphy Red
torrf102	Torre Frank
torrj101	Torre Joe
torrp101	Torrealba Pablo
torrs002	Torrealba Steve
torry001	Torrealba Yorvit
torra002	Torres Alex
torra001	Torres Andres
torra101	Torres Angel
torrc001	Torres Carlos
torrc901	Torres Carlos
torrd001	Torres Dilson
torre001	Torres Eider
torrf101	Torres Felix
torrg101	Torres Gil
torrh101	Torres Hector
torrr102	Torres Ricardo
torrr101	Torres Rusty
torrs001	Torres Salomon
torrr001	Torreyes Ronald
torrm001	Torrez Mike
torvk001	Torve Kelvin
toscc801	Tosca Carlos
tosor001	Tosoni Rene
tostl101	Tost Lou
tothp101	Toth Paul
toucc101	Touchstone Clay
tovac101	Tovar Cesar
tovaw001	Tovar Wilfredo
towej001	Towers Josh
towlj001	Towles J.R.
townb101	Towne Babe
towng101	Townsend George
townh101	Townsend Happy
towni101	Townsend Ira
townl101	Townsend Leo
toy-j101	Toy Jim
tozeb101	Tozer Bill
trabb001	Traber Billy
trabj001	Traber Jim
tracd101	Tracewski Dick
tracs002	Tracey Sean
tracs001	Trachsel Steve
traca001	Tracy Andy
tracc001	Tracy Chad
tracj101	Tracy Jim
tracm001	Tracy Matt
trafb101	Traffley Bill
trafj101	Traffley John
tragw101	Tragesser Walt
tramr101	Tramback Red
trama001	Trammell Alan
tramb001	Trammell Bubba
trauf101	Trautman Fred
trauj001	Trautwein John
trava101	Travers Allan
travb101	Travers Bill
travc101	Travis Cecil
travd001	Travis Devon
travv901	Travis Vic
traxb001	Traxler Brian
trayj101	Tray Jim
trayp101	Traynor Pie
treaf101	Treacey Fred
treap101	Treacey Pete
trear102	Treadaway Ray
treag101	Treadway George
treaj001	Treadway Jeff
trear101	Treadway Red
tream001	Treanor Matt
trebt801	Trebelhorn Tom
trecf101	Trechock Frank
treib001	Treinen Blake
treil901	Treitel Les
trekh101	Trekell Harry
tremn101	Tremark Nick
tremd901	Tremblay Dick
tremd801	Trembley Dave
tremb101	Tremel Bill
tremc001	Tremie Chris
tremo101	Tremper Overton
treng101	Trenwith George
tresm101	Tresh Mike
trest101	Tresh Tom
treur801	Treuel Ralph
treva001	Trevino Alex
trevb101	Trevino Bobby
triag101	Triandos Gus
tricb101	Trice Bob
trilm001	Trillo Manny
trimj101	Trimble Joe
trink101	Trinkle Ken
tripc101	Triplett Coaker
triuc001	Triunfel Carlos
trlir001	Trlicek Ricky
troer101	Troedson Rich
tromm001	Trombley Mike
tronr001	Troncoso Ramon
tropn001	Tropeano Nick
trosh101	Trosky Hal
trosh102	Trosky Hal
trosm101	Trost Mike
trots101	Trott Sam
trotb101	Trotter Bill
trouq101	Trouppe Quincy
troud101	Trout Dizzy
troum001	Trout Mike
trous001	Trout Steve
trowb101	Trowbridge Bob
troyb101	Troy Bun
troyd101	Troy Dasher
truaf101	Truax Fred
trubc001	Truby Chris
trubh101	Truby Harry
trucv101	Trucks Virgil
truef101	Truesdale Frank
trujj001	Trujillo J.J.
trujm001	Trujillo Mike
trumm001	Trumbo Mark
trume101	Trumbull Ed
tsamg001	Tsamis George
tsaoc001	Tsao Chin-hui
tscht901	Tschida Tim
tsitj101	Tsitouris John
tubbg001	Tubbs Greg
tuckg801	Tuck Gary
tucke001	Tucker Eddie
tuckm001	Tucker Michael
tucko101	Tucker Ollie
tuckp001	Tucker Preston
tuckr001	Tucker Ryan
tuckt001	Tucker T.J.
tuckt102	Tucker Thurman
tuckt103	Tucker Tommy
tuckt101	Tuckey Tom
tudoj001	Tudor John
tuero101	Tuero Oscar
tuftb101	Tufts Bob
tuiam001	Tuiasosopo Matt
tuivs001	Tuivailala Sam
tulot001	Tulowitzki Troy
tumpj901	Tumpane John
tunnw901	Tunison William
tunnl001	Tunnell Lee
tupmm001	Tupman Matt
turab001	Turang Brian
turbg101	Turbeville George
turbj101	Turbidy Jerry
turce101	Turchin Eddie
turgp101	Turgeon Pete
turkl101	Turk Lucas
turlb101	Turley Bob
turnd001	Turnbow Derrick
turnc001	Turner Chris
turne101	Turner Earl
turnj002	Turner Jacob
turnj101	Turner Jerry
turnj102	Turner Jim
turnj001	Turner Justin
turnk101	Turner Ken
turnl901	Turner Leo
turnm001	Turner Matt
turns001	Turner Shane
turnt104	Turner Ted
turnt801	Turner Ted
turnt105	Turner Terry
turnt103	Turner Tink
turnt102	Turner Tom
turnt001	Turner Trea
turnt101	Turner Tuck
tuthb901	Tuthill Ben
tuttb101	Tuttle Bill
tutwe101	Tutwiler Elmer
tutwg101	Tutwiler Guy
twina101	Twineham Art
twint101	Twining Twink
twitl101	Twitchell Larry
twitw101	Twitchell Wayne
twitj101	Twitty Jeff
twomb101	Twombly Babe
twomc101	Twombly Cy
twomg101	Twombly George
tyacj101	Tyack Jim
tylec901	Tyler Columbus
tylef101	Tyler Fred
tylej101	Tyler Johnnie
tylel101	Tyler Lefty
tynej001	Tyner Jason
tyngj101	Tyng Jim
tyree101	Tyree Earl
tyrid101	Tyriver Dave
tyroj101	Tyrone Jim
tyrow101	Tyrone Wayne
tysom101	Tyson Mike
tysot101	Tyson Turkey
tysot102	Tyson Ty
uchrj101	Uchrinscko Jimmy
ueckb101	Uecker Bob
uehak001	Uehara Koji
uggld001	Uggla Dan
uguel001	Ugueto Luis
uhalf101	Uhalt Frenchy
uhl-b101	Uhl Bob
uhlat101	Uhlaender Ted
uhleg101	Uhle George
uhlej901	Uhlenhopp Jake
uhlem101	Uhler Maury
uhlic101	Uhlir Charlie
ujduj001	Ujdur Jerry
ulism101	Ulicny Mike
ullgs101	Ullger Scott
ullrs101	Ullrich Sandy
ulrid101	Ulrich Dutch
ulrig101	Ulrich George
ulrig901	Ulrich George
umbaa101	Umbach Arnold
umbaj101	Umbarger Jim
umbrj101	Umbricht Jim
umonf901	Umont Frank
umpht101	Umphlett Tom
undew101	Underhill Vern
undef101	Underwood Fred
undep101	Underwood Pat
undet001	Underwood Tom
unglb101	Unglaub Bob
unrot001	Unroe Tim
unsea101	Unser Al
unsed101	Unser Del
upchw101	Upchurch Woody
uphab101	Upham Bill
uphaj101	Upham John
upp-j101	Upp Jerry
uprid101	Upright Dixie
upshc101	Upshaw Cecil
upshw001	Upshaw Willie
uptob101	Upton Bill
uptoj001	Upton Justin
uptob001	Upton Melvin
uptot101	Upton Tom
urbaj101	Urban Jack
urbal101	Urban Luke
urbat001	Urbani Tom
urbab101	Urbanski Billy
urbiu001	Urbina Ugueth
urchw901	Urchak Woody
urdal001	Urdaneta Lino
urelm901	Urell Emmett
uremj901	Uremovich Jim
urenj001	Urena Jose
uribj001	Uribe Jose
uribj002	Uribe Juan
urlad901	Urlage Dick
urrej101	Urrea John
urruh001	Urrutia Henry
urshg001	Urshela Giovanny
ury-l101	Ury Lon
usheb101	Usher Bob
ussad101	Ussat Dutch
utlec001	Utley Chase
vacht101	Vache Tex
vadeg101	Vadeboncoeur Gene
vahrh101	Vahrenhorst Harry
vailb101	Vail Bob
vailm001	Vail Mike
valac001	Valaika Chris
valbl001	Valbuena Luis
valdc002	Valderrama Carlos
valdm001	Valdes Marc
valdp001	Valdes Pedro
valdr002	Valdes Raul
valdr101	Valdes Rene
valdr102	Valdes Roy
valdj002	Valdespin Jordany
valds101	Valdespino Sandy
valdc001	Valdez Carlos
valdc003	Valdez Cesar
valde001	Valdez Efrain
valdi001	Valdez Ismael
valdj001	Valdez Jose
valdj003	Valdez Jose
valdj101	Valdez Julio
valdl001	Valdez Luis
valdm002	Valdez Mario
valdm003	Valdez Merkin
valdr001	Valdez Rafael
valds001	Valdez Sergio
valdw001	Valdez Wilson
valdj102	Valdivielso Jose
valed001	Valencia Danny
valee002	Valent Eric
valej004	Valentin Javier
valej002	Valentin John
valej003	Valentin Jose
valeb901	Valentine Bill
valeb103	Valentine Bob
valeb102	Valentine Bobby
valec101	Valentine Corky
valee001	Valentine Ellis
valef101	Valentine Fred
valej005	Valentine Joe
valej101	Valentine John
valev101	Valentinetti Vito
valeb101	Valenzuela Benny
valef001	Valenzuela Fernando
valej001	Valera Julio
valey001	Valera Yohanny
valld001	Valle Dave
vallh101	Valle Hector
valoe101	Valo Elmer
valvj001	Valverde Jose
vanac101	Van Alstyne Clay
vanar101	Van Atta Russ
vanbj001	Van Benschoten John
vanbo101	Van Brabant Ozzie
vanbd101	Van Buren Deacon
vanbj002	Van Buren Jermaine
burki901	Van Burkalow Ike
vanbt001	Van Burkleo Ty
vanca101	Van Camp Al
vance901	Van Court Eugene
vancc101	Van Cuyk Chris
vancj101	Van Cuyk Johnny
vandb901	Van Delft Benjamin
vandr001	van den Hurk Rick
vandf101	Van Dusen Fred
vandb102	Van Dyke Ben
vandb101	Van Dyke Bill
vanej001	Van Every Jonathan
vangd001	Van Gorder Dave
vangr901	Van Graflan Roy
vanhg101	Van Haltren George
vanha001	Van Hekken Andy
vannj101	Van Noy Jay
vanoj801	Van Ornum John
vanpt001	Van Poppel Todd
vanrm101	Van Robays Maurice
vansc901	Van Sickle Charles
vansa001	Van Slyke Andy
vanss001	Van Slyke Scott
vanzi101	Van Zandt Ike
vanzd101	Van Zant Dick
vancc001	Vance Cory
vancd101	Vance Dazzy
vancj102	Vance Joe
vancs101	Vance Sandy
vandc101	Vandagrift Carl
vande001	Vande Berg Ed
vandh101	Vandenberg Hy
vandj101	Vander Meer Johnny
vandj001	Vander Wal John
vanet001	VanEgmond Tim
vange101	Vangilder Elam
vanlb001	VanLandingham William
vannj102	Vann John
vanol901	Vanover Larry
vanrb001	VanRyn Ben
vanvm901	Vanvleet Mike
varga101	Varga Andy
vargc001	Vargas Claudio
varge001	Vargas Eddie
vargj001	Vargas Jason
vargk001	Vargas Kennys
vargr101	Vargas Roberto
varge901	Vargo Ed
vargb101	Vargus Bill
varij001	Varitek Jason
varnb101	Varner Buck
varnd101	Varney Dike
varnp101	Varney Pete
varsg001	Varsho Gary
varva001	Varvaro Anthony
vasbc101	Vasbinder Cal
vasqa001	Vasquez Anthony
vasqe001	Vasquez Esmerling
vasqj001	Vasquez Jorge
vasqr101	Vasquez Rafael
vasqv001	Vasquez Virgil
vatcj001	Vatcher Jim
vauga101	Vaughan Arky
vaugc101	Vaughan Charlie
vaugg101	Vaughan Glenn
vaugp101	Vaughan Porter
vaugb101	Vaughn Bobby
vaugd001	Vaughn DeWayne
vaugf101	Vaughn Farmer
vaugf102	Vaughn Fred
vaugg001	Vaughn Greg
vaugh101	Vaughn Hippo
vaugm001	Vaughn Mo
vaugr101	Vaughn Roy
vavrj801	Vavra Joe
vazqc001	Vazquez Christian
vazqj001	Vazquez Javier
vazqr001	Vazquez Ramon
veaca101	Veach Al
veacb101	Veach Bobby
veacp101	Veach Peek-A-Boo
vealc101	Veal Coot
veald001	Veal Donnie
vealb101	Veale Bob
veddl101	Vedder Lou
vegaj101	Vega Jesus
veiga101	Veigel Al
veilb101	Veil Bucky
velaj001	Velandia Jorge
velar001	Velarde Randy
velag001	Velasquez Guillermo
velav001	Velasquez Vincent
velac101	Velazquez Carlos
velaf101	Velazquez Freddie
velag002	Velazquez Gil
velee001	Velez Eugenio
veleo101	Velez Otto
veltp101	Veltman Pat
venam001	Venable Max
venaw001	Venable Will
venam002	Venafro Mike
vendp001	Venditte Pat
ventj001	Venters Jonny
ventm001	Vento Mike
ventr001	Ventura Robin
ventv101	Ventura Vince
venty001	Ventura Yordano
venzt901	Venzon Tony
verad001	Veras Dario
veraj001	Veras Jose
veraq001	Veras Quilvio
veraw001	Veras Wilton
verbe101	Verban Emil
verbj101	Verbanic Joe
verbg101	Verble Gene
verda101	Verdel Al
verdf101	Verdi Frank
verdr001	Verdugo Ryan
veret101	Vereker Tommy
vered001	Veres Dave
verer001	Veres Randy
vergj101	Vergez Johnny
verhd001	VerHagen Drew
verhj101	Verhoeven John
verlj001	Verlander Justin
vermj001	Vermilyea Jamie
vernj101	Vernon Joe
vernm101	Vernon Mickey
verrl001	Verrett Logan
versz101	Versalles Zoilo
veryt001	Veryzer Tom
veseb101	Veselic Bob
viaul101	Viau Lee
vicid001	Viciedo Dayan
vicke101	Vick Ernie
vicks101	Vick Sammy
vickr101	Vickers Rube
vickt101	Vickery Tom
vicos101	Vico Sam
victs001	Victorino Shane
vidaj101	Vidal Jose
vidrj001	Vidro Jose
ville001	Villacis Eduardo
villb001	Villafuerte Brandon
villc001	Villanueva Carlos
ville002	Villanueva Elih
villh001	Villanueva Hector
villh002	Villar Henry
villj001	Villar Jonathan
villb002	Villarreal Brayan
villo001	Villarreal Oscar
villp001	Villarreal Pedro
villi001	Villegas Ismael
villr001	Villone Ron
vinaf001	Vina Fernando
vinca801	Vincent Al
vincn001	Vincent Nick
vineb101	Vines Bob
vined101	Vineyard Dave
vinik001	Vining Ken
vinsc101	Vinson Charlie
vinsr101	Vinson Rube
vintb101	Vinton Bill
violf001	Viola Frank
violp001	Viola Pedro
vioxj101	Viox Jim
virdb101	Virdon Bill
virgo101	Virgil Ozzie
virgo001	Virgil Ozzie
virtj101	Virtue Jake
visnj101	Visner Joe
vitej101	Vitelli Joe
vitij001	Vitiello Joe
vitkj001	Vitko Joe
vitto101	Vitt Ossie
vittj001	Vitters Josh
vizca001	Vizcaino Arodys
vizcj001	Vizcaino Jose
vizcl001	Vizcaino Luis
vizqo001	Vizquel Omar
vogeo101	Vogel Otto
voger001	Vogelsong Ryan
vogts001	Vogt Stephen
voigj001	Voigt Jack
voigo101	Voigt Ollie
voisb101	Voiselle Bill
vollc101	Vollmer Clyde
volqe001	Volquez Edinson
volsc001	Volstad Chris
voltv901	Voltaggio Vic
volte901	Voltz E.C.
volzj101	Volz Jake
vondc801	Von Der Ahe Chris
vonft101	Von Fricken Tony
vonhb101	Von Hoff Bruce
vonkf101	Von Kolnitz Fritz
vonod001	Von Ohlen Dave
vorhc101	Vorhees Cy
vosbe001	Vosberg Ed
vosmj101	Vosmik Joe
vossa101	Voss Alex
vossb101	Voss Bill
vottj001	Votto Joey
vowir101	Vowinkel Rip
voylb001	Voyles Brad
voylp101	Voyles Phil
vuckp001	Vuckovich Pete
vukog001	Vukovich George
vukoj101	Vukovich John
wachm001	Wacha Michael
wachp101	Wachtel Paul
wackc101	Wacker Charlie
wadat001	Wada Tsuyoshi
waddj001	Waddell Jason
waddr101	Waddell Rube
waddt001	Waddell Tom
waddf101	Waddey Frank
wadeb901	Wade Ben
wadeb101	Wade Ben
wadec001	Wade Cory
wadeg101	Wade Gale
wadeh101	Wade Ham
wadej101	Wade Jake
wader101	Wade Rip
wadet001	Wade Terrell
wadsj101	Wadsworth Jack
waecd001	Waechter Doug
wagew101	Wagenhorst Woody
wagnb101	Wagner Bill
wagnb001	Wagner Billy
wagnb102	Wagner Bull
wagnb103	Wagner Butts
wagnc101	Wagner Charlie
wagng101	Wagner Gary
wagnh102	Wagner Hal
wagnh001	Wagner Hector
wagnh103	Wagner Heinie
wagnh101	Wagner Honus
wagnj101	Wagner Joe
wagnl101	Wagner Leon
wagnm001	Wagner Mark
wagnm002	Wagner Matt
wagnn001	Wagner Neil
wagnp001	Wagner Paul
wagnr001	Wagner Ryan
wagnt001	Wagner Tyler
wahlk101	Wahl Kermit
waind001	Wainhouse Dave
waina001	Wainwright Adam
waite101	Waitkus Eddie
waitr001	Waits Rick
waitc101	Waitt Charlie
wakad001	Wakamatsu Don
wakeb101	Wakefield Bill
waked101	Wakefield Dick
wakeh101	Wakefield Howard
waket001	Wakefield Tim
wakec001	Wakeland Chris
walbm001	Walbeck Matt
walbr101	Walberg Rube
walce101	Walczak Ed
waldd101	Waldbauer Doc
waldf101	Walden Fred
waldj001	Walden Jordan
waldl901	Walding Larry
waldi101	Waldron Irv
waldk001	Waldrop Kyle
waldk002	Waldrop Kyle
walej001	Walewander Jim
walkb001	Walk Bob
walkb101	Walker Bill
walkc001	Walker Chico
walkc002	Walker Christian
walkc101	Walker Curt
walkd102	Walker Dixie
walkd101	Walker Dixie
walkd001	Walker Duane
walke102	Walker Ed
walke101	Walker Ernie
walkf101	Walker Fleet
walkf102	Walker Frank
walkg101	Walker Gee
walkg102	Walker George
walkg001	Walker Greg
walkh102	Walker Harry
walkh101	Walker Hub
walkj001	Walker Jamie
walkj104	Walker Jerry
walkj103	Walker Johnny
walkk001	Walker Kevin
walkl001	Walker Larry
walkl101	Walker Luke
walkm101	Walker Marty
walkm001	Walker Mike
walkm002	Walker Mike
walkm102	Walker Mysterious
walkn001	Walker Neil
walko101	Walker Oscar
walkp001	Walker Pete
walkr102	Walker Roy
walkr101	Walker Rube
walkv801	Walker Rube
walks101	Walker Speed
walkt004	Walker Taijuan
walkt101	Walker Tillie
walkt002	Walker Todd
walkt102	Walker Tom
walkt103	Walker Tom
walkt001	Walker Tony
walkt003	Walker Tyler
walkw102	Walker Walt
walkw101	Walker Welday
walkw901	Walker William
walkj101	Walkup Jim
walkj102	Walkup Jim
walld002	Wall Donne
wallh101	Wall Howard
wallj105	Wall Joe
wallj002	Wall Josh
wallm101	Wall Murray
walls101	Wall Stan
wallb101	Wallace Bobby
wallb001	Wallace Brett
walld103	Wallace Dave
walld801	Wallace Dave
walld003	Wallace Derek
walld101	Wallace Doc
walld102	Wallace Don
wallh102	Wallace Huck
wallj104	Wallace Jack
wallj001	Wallace Jeff
wallj103	Wallace Jim
walll102	Wallace Lefty
wallm102	Wallace Mike
wallt001	Wallach Tim
wallj102	Wallaesa Jack
walln101	Wallen Norm
wallj901	Waller Jim
wallr101	Waller Red
wallt002	Waller Ty
walld001	Walling Denny
wallj101	Wallis Joe
walll101	Walls Lee
walrl001	Walrond Les
walsa102	Walsh Augie
walsa101	Walsh Austin
walsc101	Walsh Connie
walsd001	Walsh Dave
walsd101	Walsh Dee
walse101	Walsh Ed
walse102	Walsh Ed
walsf901	Walsh Frank
walsj106	Walsh Jim
walsj101	Walsh Jimmy
walsj108	Walsh Jimmy
walsj102	Walsh Joe
walsj104	Walsh Joe
walsj103	Walsh Joe
walsj105	Walsh John
walsj107	Walsh Junior
walsm801	Walsh Mike
walst101	Walsh Tom
walsw101	Walsh Walt
waltb101	Walter Bernie
waltg001	Walter Gene
waltu901	Walters 
waltb102	Walters Bucky
waltc101	Walters Charlie
waltd001	Walters Dan
waltf101	Walters Fred
waltk101	Walters Ken
waltm001	Walters Mike
waltp001	Walters P.J.
waltr102	Walters Roxy
waltz001	Walters Zach
waltb901	Walton Benny
waltb001	Walton Bruce
waltd101	Walton Danny
waltg901	Walton G.W.
waltj001	Walton Jerome
waltj802	Walton Jim
waltr101	Walton Reggie
waltj801	Waltz John
wambb101	Wambsganss Bill
wanel101	Waner Lloyd
wanep101	Waner Paul
wangc001	Wang Chien-Ming
wangw001	Wang Wei-Chung
wannj101	Wanner Jack
wannp101	Wanninger Pee-Wee
wantd101	Wantz Dick
wapns001	Wapnick Steve
warda101	Ward Aaron
wardb001	Ward Bryan
wardc101	Ward Chris
wardc102	Ward Chuck
wardc003	Ward Colby
wardc002	Ward Colin
wardd002	Ward Daryle
wardd101	Ward Dick
wardd001	Ward Duane
wardg001	Ward Gary
wardh101	Ward Hap
wardj103	Ward Jay
wardj105	Ward Jim
wardj102	Ward Joe
wardj104	Ward John
wardj106	Ward John
wardk001	Ward Kevin
wardm101	Ward Monte
wardp102	Ward Pete
wardp103	Ward Piggy
wardp101	Ward Preston
wardr101	Ward Rube
wardt001	Ward Turner
wardu901	Wardell 
wardj101	Warden Jon
wardc001	Wardle Curt
warej001	Ware Jeff
wareb101	Wares Buzzy
warhj101	Warhop Jack
warmc101	Warmoth Cy
warnl101	Warneke Lon
warna901	Warner Al
warne101	Warner Ed
warnf101	Warner Fred
warnh801	Warner Harry
warnh102	Warner Hooks
warnj103	Warner Jack
warnj101	Warner Jack
warnj104	Warner Jack
warnj102	Warner Jackie
warnh101	Warnock Hal
warra001	Warren Adam
warrb102	Warren Bennie
warrb101	Warren Bill
warrl901	Warren L.B.
warrm001	Warren Mike
warrt101	Warren Tommy
warsr101	Warstler Rabbit
wartd101	Warthen Dan
warwb101	Warwick Bill
warwc101	Warwick Carl
wasdj101	Wasdell Jimmy
wasdj001	Wasdin John
wasel101	Wasem Link
washf901	Wash Frank
washg103	Washburn George
washg101	Washburn Greg
washj001	Washburn Jarrod
washl102	Washburn Libe
washr101	Washburn Ray
washb101	Washer Buck
washc001	Washington Claudell
washg102	Washington George
washh101	Washington Herb
washl101	Washington LaRue
washr002	Washington Rico
washr001	Washington Ron
washu001	Washington U L
wasim001	Wasinger Mark
waslg101	Waslewski Gary
wasse001	Wassermann Ehren
waszb001	Waszgis B.J.
wates101	Waterbury Steve
watef102	Waterman Fred
watec001	Waters Chris
watef101	Waters Fred
wathd001	Wathan Dusty
wathj001	Wathan John
watkb101	Watkins Bill
watkb102	Watkins Bob
watkd101	Watkins Dave
watke101	Watkins Ed
watkg101	Watkins George
watkh801	Watkins Harvey
watkl001	Watkins Logan
watkp001	Watkins Pat
watks001	Watkins Scott
watks002	Watkins Steve
watkt001	Watkins Tommy
watln101	Watlington Neal
watsa001	Watson Allen
watsa101	Watson Art
watsb001	Watson Bob
watsb002	Watson Brandon
watsd101	Watson Doc
watsj101	Watson Johnny
watsm001	Watson Mark
watsm002	Watson Matt
watsm102	Watson Milt
watsm101	Watson Mother
watsm103	Watson Mule
watst001	Watson Tony
watta101	Watt Allie
watte101	Watt Eddie
wattf101	Watt Frank
watwj101	Watwood Johnny
waugj101	Waugh Jim
way-b101	Way Bob
wayef101	Wayenberg Frank
wayng001	Wayne Gary
waynj001	Wayne Justin
weafh901	Weafer Hal
weafk101	Weafer Ken
weatr101	Weatherly Roy
weatd001	Weathers David
weava101	Weaver Art
weavb101	Weaver Buck
weave801	Weaver Earl
weave001	Weaver Eric
weavf102	Weaver Farmer
weavf101	Weaver Floyd
weavh101	Weaver Harry
weavj002	Weaver Jeff
weavj003	Weaver Jered
weavj101	Weaver Jim
weavj102	Weaver Jim
weavj001	Weaver Jim
weavm101	Weaver Monte
weavo101	Weaver Orlie
weavr101	Weaver Roger
weavs101	Weaver Sam
webbb101	Webb Bill
webbb102	Webb Bill
webbb001	Webb Brandon
webbd001	Webb Daniel
webbe101	Webb Earl
webbh101	Webb Hank
webbj001	Webb John
webbl101	Webb Lefty
webbr101	Webb Red
webbr001	Webb Ryan
webbs101	Webb Skeeter
webbl102	Webber Les
webeb001	Weber Ben
webec101	Weber Charlie
webeh101	Weber Harry
webej101	Weber Joe
weben001	Weber Neil
weber001	Weber Ryan
webet001	Weber Thad
websa001	Webster Allen
websl001	Webster Lenny
websm001	Webster Mitch
websr102	Webster Ramon
websr101	Webster Ray
weckp101	Weckbecker Pete
weedu901	Weden Charles
wedge001	Wedge Eric
weedb101	Weeden Bert
weekj101	Weekly John
weekj001	Weeks Jemile
weekr001	Weeks Rickie
wegem101	Wegener Mike
wegmb001	Wegman Bill
wegnm901	Wegner Mark
wehdb101	Wehde Biggs
wehmh101	Wehmeier Herm
wehnj001	Wehner John
wehrd001	Wehrmeister Dave
weidm801	Weidemaier Mark
wieds101	Weidman Stump
weigr101	Weigel Ralph
weigw901	Weigel William
weihp101	Weihe Podge
weikd101	Weik Dick
weilb101	Weiland Bob
weile101	Weiland Ed
weilk001	Weiland Kyle
weilc101	Weilman Carl
weimj101	Weimer Jake
weinl101	Weinert Lefty
weine101	Weingartner Elmer
weinr001	Weinhardt Robbie
weinp101	Weintraub Phil
weirr101	Weir Bill
weisa101	Weis Al
weisb102	Weis Butch
weisb101	Weiser Bud
weisg101	Weiss Gary
weisj101	Weiss Joe
weisw001	Weiss Walt
welaj101	Welaj Johnny
welcb001	Welch Bob
welcc101	Welch Curt
welcf101	Welch Frank
welch101	Welch Herb
welcj101	Welch Johnny
welcm102	Welch Mickey
welcm001	Welch Mike
welcm101	Welch Milt
welct101	Welch Ted
welct102	Welch Tub
welcd101	Welchel Don
welch102	Welchonce Harry
weldm101	Welday Mike
welfo101	Welf Ollie
welkb901	Welke Bill
welkt901	Welke Tim
welkd001	Welker Duke
wellt002	Wellemeyer Todd
wellb101	Wellman Bob
wellb001	Wellman Brad
wellb002	Wells Bob
wellc001	Wells Casper
welld001	Wells David
welle101	Wells Ed
wellg101	Wells Greg
wellj102	Wells Jake
wellj001	Wells Jared
wellj101	Wells John
wellk001	Wells Kip
welll101	Wells Leo
wellr001	Wells Randy
wellt001	Wells Terry
wellv001	Wells Vernon
welsc001	Welsh Chris
welsj101	Welsh Jimmy
weltd101	Welteroth Dick
welzt101	Welzer Tony
wendl101	Wendell Lew
wendt001	Wendell Turk
wendh901	Wendelstedt Harry
wendh902	Wendelstedt Hunter
wengd001	Wengert Don
wensb101	Wensloff Butch
wentj101	Wentz Jack
wents101	Wentzel Stan
wenzf101	Wenz Fred
weraj101	Wera Julie
werbb101	Werber Billy
werdp101	Werden Perry
werhj101	Werhas Johnny
werlb101	Werle Bill
werlg101	Werley George
werna001	Werner Andrew
wernd101	Werner Don
werrj101	Werrick Joe
wertd103	Wert Don
wertd101	Werth Dennis
wertj001	Werth Jayson
wertb001	Wertz Bill
wertd102	Wertz Dwight
wertj101	Wertz Johnny
wertv101	Wertz Vic
wessj101	Wessinger Jim
wessb001	Wesson Barry
westb101	West Billy
westb102	West Buck
westd001	West David
westd101	West Dick
westu901	West Edward
westf101	West Frank
westg901	West George
westh102	West Hi
westj901	West Joe
westl101	West Lefty
westm002	West Matt
westm101	West Max
westm102	West Max
wests101	West Sam
wests001	West Sean
westj001	Westbrook Jake
westo101	Westerberg Oscar
westf901	Westervelt Frederick
westh101	Westervelt Huyler
westj101	Westlake Jim
westw102	Westlake Wally
westa101	Weston Al
westm001	Weston Mickey
westw101	Westrum Wes
wethj001	Wetherby Jeff
wettj001	Wetteland John
wetzb101	Wetzel Buzz
wetzd101	Wetzel Dutch
wetzs101	Wetzel George
weves101	Wever Stefan
weyel901	Weyer Lee
weyhg101	Weyhing Gus
weyhj101	Weyhing John
whalb901	Whaley Bart
whalb102	Whaley Bill
whalb101	Whaling Bert
wheal101	Wheat Lee
wheam101	Wheat Mack
wheaz101	Wheat Zack
wheac101	Wheatley Charlie
wheaw101	Wheaton Woody
wheed001	Wheeler Dan
wheed102	Wheeler Dick
wheed101	Wheeler Don
wheee102	Wheeler Ed
wheee101	Wheeler Ed
wheeg102	Wheeler George
wheeg103	Wheeler George
wheeh101	Wheeler Harry
wheer101	Wheeler Rip
wheer001	Wheeler Ryan
wheez001	Wheeler Zack
wheez002	Wheeler Zelous
wheeb101	Wheelock Bobby
wheeg101	Wheelock Gary
whelj101	Whelan Jimmy
whelk001	Whelan Kevin
whelt101	Whelan Tom
whilj101	Whillock Jack
whism001	Whisenant Matt
whisp101	Whisenant Pete
whisl101	Whisenton Larry
whisr801	Whisler Randy
whisw001	Whisler Wes
whisl102	Whistler Lew
whitl001	Whitaker Lou
whitp101	Whitaker Pat
whits101	Whitaker Steve
whitb108	Whitby Bill
whitb107	Whitcher Bob
whita101	White Abe
whita001	White Alex
whitb106	White Barney
whitb103	White Bill
whitb104	White Bill
whitb105	White Bill
whitb001	White Bill
whitc101	White Charlie
whitd102	White Deacon
whitd105	White Deke
whitd003	White Derrick
whitd001	White Devon
whitd104	White Doc
whitd106	White Don
white106	White Ed
white105	White Elder
white104	White Elmer
white103	White Ernie
whitf001	White Frank
whitf104	White Fuzz
whitg001	White Gabe
whitg901	White Gideon
whith101	White Hal
whith901	White Horatio
whitj105	White Jack
whitj106	White Jack
whitj001	White Jerry
whitj104	White Jo-Jo
whitk101	White Kirby
whitl002	White Larry
whitm003	White Matt
whitm103	White Mike
whitm101	White Myron
whitr002	White Rick
whitr001	White Rondell
whitr101	White Roy
whits104	White Sam
whits103	White Sammy
whits002	White Sean
whits102	White Steve
whitw102	White Warren
whitw103	White Will
white003	Whited Ed
whitb101	Whitehead Burgess
whitj101	Whitehead John
whitm102	Whitehead Milt
white102	Whitehill Earl
whitc102	Whitehouse Charlie
whitg103	Whitehouse Gil
whitl003	Whitehouse Len
whitw001	Whitehurst Wally
whitg102	Whiteley Guerdon
whitg101	Whiteman George
whitm001	Whiten Mark
whitj002	Whitesell Josh
white004	Whiteside Eli
whitm002	Whiteside Matt
whits001	Whiteside Sean
whitf103	Whitfield Fred
whitt001	Whitfield Terry
white101	Whiting Ed
whitj103	Whiting Jesse
whitc001	Whitley Chase
whitd103	Whitman Dick
whitf101	Whitman Frank
whitd101	Whitmer Dan
whitd002	Whitmore Darrell
whita102	Whitney Art
whitf102	Whitney Frank
whitj102	Whitney Jim
whitp103	Whitney Pinky
whitb102	Whitrock Bill
whitc901	Whitson Chad
white001	Whitson Ed
white002	Whitt Ernie
whitw101	Whittaker Walt
whitp102	Whitted Possum
wickk001	Wickander Kevin
wickb101	Wicker Bob
wickf101	Wicker Floyd
wickk101	Wicker Kemp
wickd101	Wickersham Dave
wickd901	Wickham Dan
wicka101	Wickland Al
wickb001	Wickman Bob
widgc001	Widger Chris
widlm901	Widlowski Mark
widma101	Widmar Al
widnw101	Widner Wild Bill
wieat101	Wieand Ted
wiedc101	Wiedemeyer Charlie
wiedt101	Wiedenbauer Tom
wiegt001	Wieghaus Tom
wielj001	Wieland Joe
wienj101	Wieneke Jack
wiesb101	Wiesler Bob
wietw101	Wietelmann Whitey
wietm001	Wieters Matt
wiggu901	Wiggins 
wigga001	Wiggins Alan
wiggs001	Wiggins Scott
wiggt001	Wigginton Ty
wiggj101	Wiggs Jimmy
wighb101	Wight Bill
wigif101	Wigington Fred
wihts101	Wihtol Sandy
wilbd101	Wilber Del
wilbc101	Wilborn Claude
wilbt101	Wilborn Ted
wilbc901	Wilbur Charles
wilcm001	Wilcox Milt
wildj901	Wildey John
wiler101	Wiles Randy
wilej101	Wiley Joseph
wilem101	Wiley Mark
wilfr001	Wilfong Rob
wilhh102	Wilhelm Harry
wilhh101	Wilhelm Hoyt
wilhj102	Wilhelm Jim
wilhk101	Wilhelm Kaiser
wilhs101	Wilhelm Spider
wilht001	Wilhelmsen Tom
wilhj101	Wilhoit Joe
wilid101	Wilie Denney
wilka001	Wilk Adam
wilkh101	Wilke Harry
wilkb002	Wilkerson Brad
wilkc001	Wilkerson Curt
wilkl101	Wilkie Lefty
wilka002	Wilkins Andy
wilkb101	Wilkins Bobby
wilkd001	Wilkins Dean
wilke102	Wilkins Eric
wilkm001	Wilkins Marc
wilkr001	Wilkins Rick
wilkb001	Wilkinson Bill
wilke101	Wilkinson Ed
wilkr101	Wilkinson Roy
wilkt101	Wilks Ted
willb106	Will Bob
willg901	Willard Gardner
willj001	Willard Jerry
wille103	Willett Ed
willc104	Willey Carl
willn101	Willhite Nick
willa103	Williams Ace
willa101	Williams Al
willa001	Williams Albert
willa104	Williams Art
willa901	Williams Art
willb105	Williams Bernie
willb002	Williams Bernie
willb901	Williams Bill
willb104	Williams Billy
willb102	Williams Billy
willb103	Williams Bob
willb001	Williams Brian
willc101	Williams Charlie
willc901	Williams Charlie
willc103	Williams Cy
willd106	Williams Dale
willd902	Williams Dale
willd101	Williams Dallas
willd001	Williams Dana
willd103	Williams Dave
willd102	Williams Davey
willd002	Williams David
willd105	Williams Denny
willd109	Williams Dewey
willd107	Williams Dib
willd104	Williams Dick
willd108	Williams Don
willd110	Williams Don
willd801	Williams Don
wille102	Williams Earl
wille101	Williams Earl
wille001	Williams Eddie
willf001	Williams Frank
willg101	Williams George
willg002	Williams George
willg001	Williams Gerald
willg003	Williams Glenn
willg102	Williams Gus
willg103	Williams Gus
willh103	Williams Harry
willj005	Williams Jackson
willj002	Williams Jeff
willj003	Williams Jerome
willj108	Williams Jim
willj801	Williams Jimmy
willj106	Williams Jimmy
willj802	Williams Jimmy
willj107	Williams Jimy
willj101	Williams Johnnie
willk002	Williams Keith
willk101	Williams Ken
willk001	Williams Ken
willl104	Williams Lefty
willl101	Williams Leon
willm105	Williams Mark
willm104	Williams Marsh
willm007	Williams Mason
willm001	Williams Matt
willm003	Williams Matt
willm006	Williams Matt
willm005	Williams Mike
willm002	Williams Mitch
willm103	Williams Mutt
willo101	Williams Otto
willp102	Williams Papa
willp101	Williams Pop
willr003	Williams Randy
willr001	Williams Reggie
willr002	Williams Reggie
willr101	Williams Rick
willr801	Williams Rick
willr103	Williams Rinaldo
willr104	Williams Rip
wills001	Williams Shad
wills801	Williams Spin
wills102	Williams Stan
wills101	Williams Steamboat
willt103	Williams Ted
willt001	Williams Todd
willt101	Williams Tom
willw103	Williams Walt
willw102	Williams Wash
willw101	Williams Woody
willw001	Williams Woody
willa102	Williamson Al
willa002	Williamson Anthony
willh101	Williamson Howie
willm008	Williamson Mac
willm004	Williamson Mark
willn102	Williamson Ned
wills002	Williamson Scott
willj105	Willigrod Julius
willh102	Willingham Hugh
willj004	Willingham Josh
willc001	Willis Carl
willd111	Willis Dale
willd003	Willis Dontrelle
willj104	Willis Jim
willj103	Willis Joe
willl103	Willis Lefty
willl102	Willis Les
willm101	Willis Mike
willr102	Willis Ron
willv101	Willis Vic
willr004	Willits Reggie
willb902	Willman Bob
willc102	Willoughby Claude
willj102	Willoughby Jim
willu101	Wills 
willb101	Wills Bump
willd112	Wills Dave
willf002	Wills Frank
willm102	Wills Maury
willt102	Wills Ted
willk102	Willson Kid
wilmp001	Wilmet Paul
wilmw101	Wilmot Walt
wilsw103	Wilshere Whitey
wilst104	Wilshusen Terry
wilsa001	Wilson Alex
wilsa103	Wilson Archie
wilsa102	Wilson Art
wilsa101	Wilson Artie
wilsb102	Wilson Bill
wilsb103	Wilson Bill
wilsb101	Wilson Bill
wilsb104	Wilson Bob
wilsb002	Wilson Bobby
wilsb001	Wilson Brian
wilsc004	Wilson C.J.
wilsc101	Wilson Charlie
wilsc102	Wilson Chief
wilsw101	Wilson Chink
wilsc001	Wilson Craig
wilsc002	Wilson Craig
wilsc003	Wilson Craig
wilsd001	Wilson Dan
wilsd002	Wilson Desi
wilsd102	Wilson Don
wilsd101	Wilson Duane
wilse102	Wilson Earl
wilse101	Wilson Eddie
wilse001	Wilson Enrique
wilsf102	Wilson Fin
wilsf901	Wilson Frank
wilsf101	Wilson Frank
wilsg102	Wilson Gary
wilsg104	Wilson Gary
wilsg002	Wilson Gary
wilsg101	Wilson George
wilsg001	Wilson Glenn
wilsg103	Wilson Grady
wilsh102	Wilson Hack
wilsh103	Wilson Harry
wilsh101	Wilson Highball
wilsi101	Wilson Icehouse
wilsj103	Wilson Jack
wilsj002	Wilson Jack
wilsj104	Wilson Jim
wilsj001	Wilson Jim
wilsj105	Wilson Jimmie
wilsj901	Wilson John
wilsj101	Wilson John
wilsj102	Wilson John
wilsj003	Wilson Josh
wilsj004	Wilson Justin
wilsk001	Wilson Kris
wilsl101	Wilson Les
wilsm101	Wilson Max
wilsm103	Wilson Mike
wilsm002	Wilson Mike
wilsm001	Wilson Mookie
wilsm102	Wilson Mutt
wilsn101	Wilson Neil
wilsn001	Wilson Nigel
wilsp102	Wilson Parke
wilsp001	Wilson Paul
wilsp101	Wilson Pete
wilsp002	Wilson Preston
wilsr102	Wilson Red
wilsr101	Wilson Roy
wilss101	Wilson Squanto
wilss001	Wilson Steve
wilst001	Wilson Tack
wilst102	Wilson Tex
wilst101	Wilson Tom
wilst003	Wilson Tom
wilst002	Wilson Trevor
wilst103	Wilson Tug
wilst004	Wilson Tyler
wilsv001	Wilson Vance
wilsw102	Wilson Walter
wilsw001	Wilson Willie
wilsz101	Wilson Zeke
wilth101	Wiltse Hal
wilth102	Wiltse Hooks
wilts101	Wiltse Snake
winam901	Winans Matt
wince101	Winceniak Ed
wincf101	Winchell Fred
wincs001	Winchester Scott
windg101	Windhorn Gordie
windb101	Windle Bill
windj001	Windsor Jason
wineb101	Wine Bobby
winer001	Wine Robbie
winee101	Wineapple Ed
winer101	Winegarner Ralph
winfd001	Winfield Dave
winfj101	Winford Jim
winge102	Wingard Ernie
wingt101	Wingfield Ted
winga101	Wingo Al
winge101	Wingo Ed
wingi101	Wingo Ivey
winhl101	Winham Lave
winkg101	Winkelman George
winkj001	Winkelsas Joe
winkg102	Winkleman George
winkd001	Winkler Daniel
winkb801	Winkles Bobby
winng101	Winn George
winnj001	Winn Jim
winnr001	Winn Randy
winnh001	Winningham Herm
winst101	Winsett Tom
winsd001	Winston Darrin
winsh101	Winston Hank
wintg101	Winter George
wintc101	Winters Clarence
wintj101	Winters Jesse
wintm001	Winters Matt
wintm901	Winters Mike
wirta901	Wirth Adam
wirta101	Wirth Alan
wirtk101	Wirts Kettle
wisea101	Wise Archie
wiseb101	Wise Bill
wisec101	Wise Casey
wised001	Wise Dewayne
wiseh101	Wise Hughie
wisem001	Wise Matt
wisen101	Wise Nick
wiser101	Wise Rick
wiser102	Wise Roy
wises101	Wise Sam
wislm001	Wisler Matt
wisnj101	Wisner Jack
wisnp101	Wisner Phil
wissd101	Wissman Dave
wistw101	Wistert Whitey
wistt101	Wisterzil Tex
witaj001	Witasick Jay
witem101	Witek Mickey
withs001	Withem Shannon
withc102	Witherow Charles
withr101	Witherup Roy
withc001	Withrow Chris
withc101	Withrow Corky
withf101	Withrow Frank
witmr001	Witmeyer Ron
wittb001	Witt Bobby
wittk001	Witt Kevin
wittm001	Witt Mike
wittr101	Witt Red
wittw101	Witt Whitey
wittj102	Witte Jerry
wittj101	Wittig Johnnie
wockj001	Wockenfuss John
woeha101	Woehr Andy
woerj101	Woerlin Joe
wohlm001	Wohlers Mark
wohlj001	Wohlford Jim
wojca001	Wojciechowski Asher
wojcs001	Wojciechowski Steve
wojcj101	Wojcik John
wojep101	Wojey Pete
wojne001	Wojna Ed
wolcb001	Wolcott Bob
wolcq901	Wolcott Quinn
wolfc102	Wolf Chicken
wolfe102	Wolf Ernie
wolfj901	Wolf Jim
wolfl102	Wolf Lefty
wolfr001	Wolf Randy
wolfr101	Wolf Ray
wolfr002	Wolf Ross
wolfw101	Wolf Wally
wolfb102	Wolfe Barney
wolfb001	Wolfe Brian
wolfc101	Wolfe Chuck
wolfe101	Wolfe Ed
wolfh101	Wolfe Harry
wolfl101	Wolfe Larry
wolfp101	Wolfe Polly
wolfb101	Wolff Bill
wolfr102	Wolff Roger
wolfm101	Wolfgang Mellie
wolge801	Wolgamot Earl
walkf901	Wolke Frank
wolsa101	Wolstenholme Abe
wolth101	Wolter Harry
woltr101	Wolters Rynie
wolvh101	Wolverton Harry
womad101	Womack Dooley
womas101	Womack Sid
womat001	Womack Tony
wongk001	Wong Kolten
woodu101	Wood 
wooda002	Wood Alex
woodb004	Wood Blake
woodb101	Wood Bob
woodb003	Wood Brandon
woodd104	Wood Doc
woodf101	Wood Fred
woodg104	Wood George
woodh102	Wood Harry
woodj107	Wood Jake
woodj001	Wood Jason
woodj106	Wood Jimmy
woodj101	Wood Joe
woodj104	Wood Joe
woodj105	Wood John
woodk101	Wood Ken
woodk002	Wood Kerry
woodm002	Wood Mike
woodp101	Wood Pete
woodr103	Wood Roy
woodj108	Wood Smoky Joe
woods101	Wood Spades
woodt002	Wood Ted
woodt003	Wood Tim
woodt004	Wood Travis
woodw103	Wood Wilbur
woodb002	Woodall Brad
woodl101	Woodall Larry
woodd103	Woodard Darrell
woodm001	Woodard Mike
woods001	Woodard Steve
woodg103	Woodburn Gene
woodf103	Woodcock Fred
woodg102	Woodend George
woodh101	Woodeshick Hal
woodr101	Woodhead Red
woodg101	Woodling Gene
woodd101	Woodman Dan
woodt901	Woodring Tom
woodp103	Woodruff Pete
woods102	Woodruff Sam
wooda001	Woods Al
woodc101	Woods Clarence
woodg001	Woods Gary
woodj002	Woods Jake
woodj103	Woods Jim
woodj102	Woods John
woodp102	Woods Pinky
woodr102	Woods Ron
woodw102	Woods Walt
woodd102	Woodson Dick
woodk001	Woodson Kerry
woodt001	Woodson Tracy
woodc001	Woodward Chris
woodf102	Woodward Frank
woodb001	Woodward Rob
woodw101	Woodward Woody
woodm003	Woodyard Mark
woolf101	Wooldridge Floyd
wootj101	Wooten Junior
wootr001	Wooten Rob
woots001	Wooten Shawn
wordf102	Worden Fred
wordf101	Wordsworth Favel
workb001	Workman Brandon
workc101	Workman Chuck
workh101	Workman Hank
workh102	Workman Hoge
workr101	Works Ralph
worlv001	Worley Vance
worrm001	Worrell Mark
worrt002	Worrell Tim
worrt001	Worrell Todd
wortd001	Worth Danny
worth101	Worth Herb
wortr101	Wortham Rich
worta101	Worthington Al
wortc001	Worthington Craig
wortr102	Worthington Red
wortc101	Wortman Chuck
wotur001	Wotus Ron
woulj101	Woulfe Jimmy
wriga101	Wright Ab
wriga801	Wright Al
wriga102	Wright Al
wrigb102	Wright Bill
wrigb101	Wright Bob
wrigc001	Wright Chase
wrigc102	Wright Clyde
wrigc101	Wright Cy
wrigd001	Wright Dan
wrigd102	Wright Dave
wrigd002	Wright David
wrigd101	Wright Dick
wrige101	Wright Ed
wrigg103	Wright Gene
wrigg101	Wright George
wrigg001	Wright George
wrigg102	Wright Glenn
wrigh101	Wright Harry
wrigj001	Wright Jamey
wrigj002	Wright Jaret
wrigj104	Wright Jim
wrigj103	Wright Jim
wrigj101	Wright Jim
wrigj102	Wright Joe
wrigk101	Wright Ken
wrigl101	Wright Lucky
wrigm901	Wright Marvin
wrigm101	Wright Mel
wrigm001	Wright Mike
wrigu901	Wright Parry
wrigp101	Wright Pat
wrigr103	Wright Rasty
wrigr104	Wright Rasty
wrigr001	Wright Ricky
wrigr002	Wright Ron
wrigr101	Wright Roy
wrigs101	Wright Sam
wrigs001	Wright Steven
wrigt102	Wright Taffy
wrigt101	Wright Tom
wrigw001	Wright Wesley
wrigr102	Wrightstone Russ
wrigz101	Wrigley Zeke
wronr001	Wrona Rick
wuerm001	Wuertz Michael
wuesy101	Wuestling Yats
wunsk001	Wunsch Kelly
wurmf101	Wurm Frank
wyatj101	Wyatt Joe
wyatj102	Wyatt John
wyatw101	Wyatt Whit
wycou901	Wyckoff W.S.
wyckj101	Wyckoff Weldon
wylir101	Wylie Ren
wymaf101	Wyman Frank
wyneb001	Wynegar Butch
wynne101	Wynn Early
wynnj101	Wynn Jim
wynnb101	Wynne Bill
wynnb102	Wynne Billy
wynnm001	Wynne Marvell
wyroj101	Wyrostek Johnny
wyseh101	Wyse Hank
wysob101	Wysong Biff
yabuk001	Yabu Keiichi
yabuy001	Yabuta Yasuhiko
yaikh101	Yaik Henry
yalea101	Yale Ad
yan-e001	Yan Esteban
yanch101	Yancy Hugh
yankg101	Yankowski George
yantg101	Yantz George
yarne001	Yarnall Ed
yarnr101	Yarnall Rusty
yarrr101	Yarrison Rube
yaryy101	Yaryan Yam
yastc101	Yastrzemski Carl
yatea101	Yates Al
yatek001	Yates Kirby
yatet001	Yates Tyler
yde-e101	Yde Emil
yeabb101	Yeabsley Bert
yeagg101	Yeager George
yeagj101	Yeager Joe
yeags001	Yeager Steve
yeara101	Yeargin Al
yeasd901	Yeast Dave
yeatb101	Yeatman Bill
yelde001	Yelding Eric
yelic001	Yelich Christian
yella101	Yelle Archie
yelll101	Yellen Larry
yellc101	Yellow Horse Chief
yerkc101	Yerkes Carroll
yerks102	Yerkes Stan
yerks101	Yerkes Steve
bankb102	Yerrick Bill
yettr001	Yett Rich
yewct101	Yewcic Tom
yewee101	Yewell Ed
yingc101	Yingling Charles
yinge101	Yingling Earl
yingj101	Yingling Joe
ynoar001	Ynoa Rafael
yochl101	Yochim Len
yochr101	Yochim Ray
yoheb101	Yohe Bill
yorkj101	York Jim
yorkl101	York Lefty
yorkm001	York Mike
yorkr101	York Rudy
yorkt101	York Tom
yorkt102	York Tony
yoshm001	Yoshii Masato
yoste101	Yost Eddie
yostg101	Yost Gus
yoste001	Yost Ned
yotee101	Yoter Elmer
youkk001	Youkilis Kevin
youms001	Youman Shane
youmf001	Youmans Floyd
youna001	Young Anthony
younb102	Young Babe
younb901	Young Ben
younb101	Young Bobby
younc103	Young Charlie
younc003	Young Chris
younc004	Young Chris
younc002	Young Cliff
younc001	Young Curt
younc102	Young Cy
yound002	Young Danny
yound104	Young Del
yound105	Young Del
yound003	Young Delmon
yound004	Young Delwyn
yound101	Young Dick
yound001	Young Dmitri
yound103	Young Don
youne001	Young Eric
youne003	Young Eric
youne002	Young Ernie
young101	Young George
young001	Young Gerald
younh103	Young Harley
younh101	Young Herman
youni101	Young Irv
younj102	Young J.B.
younj002	Young Jason
younj101	Young John
younj901	Young Joseph
younk001	Young Kevin
younk101	Young Kip
younl901	Young Larry
younm001	Young Matt
younm004	Young Matt
younm003	Young Michael
younm002	Young Mike
younn801	Young Nick
younp101	Young Pep
younp001	Young Pete
younr103	Young Ralph
younr102	Young Russ
yount001	Young Tim
younw001	Young Walter
younc101	Youngblood Chief
younj001	Youngblood Joel
younh102	Youngman Henry
younr101	Youngs Ross
yound102	Yount Ducky
youne101	Yount Eddie
younl101	Yount Larry
younr001	Yount Robin
yowec101	Yowell Carl
yuhae101	Yuhas Eddie
yuraj101	Yurak Jeff
yvars101	Yvars Sal
zabaa101	Zabala Adrian
zabez101	Zabel Zip
zacht901	Zacharias Thomas
zachc102	Zachary Chink
zachc101	Zachary Chris
zacht101	Zachary Tom
zache101	Zacher Elmer
zachp001	Zachry Pat
zackg101	Zackert George
zagum001	Zagurski Mike
zahng001	Zahn Geoff
zahnf101	Zahner Fred
zahnp101	Zahniser Paul
zak-f101	Zak Frankie
zaluj101	Zalusky Jack
zambc001	Zambrano Carlos
zambe001	Zambrano Eddie
zambv001	Zambrano Victor
zamlc101	Zamloch Carl
zamoo101	Zamora Oscar
zannd101	Zanni Dom
zapuj101	Zapustas Joe
zaram001	Zarate Mauro
zardj101	Zardon Jose
zaria101	Zarilla Al
zaskj001	Zaske Jeff
zaucn101	Zauchin Norm
zaung001	Zaun Gregg
zavac002	Zavada Clay
zavac001	Zavaras Clint
zawal001	Zawadzki Lance
zay-u101	Zay William
zdebj101	Zdeb Joe
zeard101	Zearfoss Dave
zebeg101	Zeber George
zeidj001	Zeid Josh
zeidr101	Zeider Rollie
zeihh101	Zeiher Henry
zeilt001	Zeile Todd
zellb101	Zeller Bart
zeppb101	Zepp Bill
zerbc001	Zerbe Chad
zerng101	Zernial Gus
zettg101	Zettlein George
zickb101	Zick Bob
ziegb001	Ziegler Brad
ziegc101	Ziegler Charlie
ziegg101	Ziegler George
ziems001	Ziem Steve
zienb101	Zientara Benny
ziesb101	Zies Bill
zeism101	Zieser Matt
zimmc101	Zimmer Chief
zimmd101	Zimmer Don
zimmt801	Zimmer Tom
zimmb101	Zimmerman Bill
zimme101	Zimmerman Eddie
zimmh101	Zimmerman Heinie
zimmj001	Zimmerman Jeff
zimmj101	Zimmerman Jerry
zimmj002	Zimmerman Jordan
zimmr101	Zimmerman Roy
zimmr001	Zimmerman Ryan
zimmj003	Zimmermann Jordan
zinkc001	Zink Charlie
zinkw101	Zink Walter
zinnf101	Zinn Frank
zinng101	Zinn Guy
zinnj101	Zinn Jimmy
zinsb101	Zinser Bill
zinta001	Zinter Alan
zipfb101	Zipfel Bud
zirbl901	Zirbel Larry
ziskr101	Zisk Richie
zitob001	Zito Barry
zitzb101	Zitzmann Billy
zivid901	Zivic Dick
zmice101	Zmich Ed
zobrb001	Zobrist Ben
zoccp001	Zoccolillo Peter
zolds101	Zoldak Sam
zoske001	Zosky Eddie
zubeb101	Zuber Bill
zubej001	Zuber Jon
zuccr901	Zuccaro Rico
zulej001	Zuleta Julio
zumaj001	Zumaya Joel
zunim001	Zunino Mike
zupcb001	Zupcic Bob
zupof101	Zupo Frank
zuvep001	Zuvella Paul
zuveg101	Zuverink George
zwild101	Zwilling Dutch
